absolute devastation. That's what we're seeing. We're seeing pictures. We're seeing videos. We're seeing unconfirmed videos out there. Uh but what we're seeing is a largecale attack on Russian bomber bases. Now, this is a big deal. We got uh other reports coming uh from multiple trains also beating being hit uh from different directions. This is a lot of stuff that's happening deep inside Russia and we're actually having a lot of military people out there likening this attack to a Pearl Harbor style attack and it's something you need to be aware of. Russia is going to be very very upset about this and uh we're already starting to see them just starting to respond to this and it could be devastating for the country in Eastern Europe and it could be aimed back at Western countries including ones in Europe or even the United States itself. We got a lot to talk about big news that is breaking right now. Let's get into it. Welcome to the Popppler Report. I'm Steve Popppler. I'm an accountant by trade. And these are things the mainstream media is just barely starting to wake up to. This massive attack uh launched by that Eastern European country apparently without giving notice to the United States hitting uh Russia just as uh the peace talks are about to begin in two days. We got um Mr. Zman has showed up in Istanbul for the peace talks and we got uh the United States is supposed to be uh represented in Turkey for the peace talks as well as uh um even possible that uh that the Pooh man might actually show up. Uh that is uh probably pretty unlikely right now because I imagine he and a lot of the people in Russia right now are furious. Okay, let me just walk you through some of the scale of this. Four Russian air bases were hit. And we're not talking about fighter jets. We're talking about strategic bombers. Bombers that are nuclear capable long range heavy bombers. So, uh, basically they're equivalent of the B-52s and the B2s. Uh, except they don't have stealth bombers. So just um you know think the the Lancers uh Lancer bombers B1s and um and then the uh B-52 type bombers. Uh people are estimating the damages out there at around $2 billion. And we'll walk you through what actually happened here. Uh but Bloomberg is out there reporting that 40 4 Russian strategic bombers were damaged or destroyed in this attack. This is not a small amount. This is not a small number. This is a very very big deal. Russia is not only uh u feeling like they've just lost a lot of money, a lot of material, a lot of hardware, but they are also feeling this um this is a nuclear strike. Uh this is nukes were not used on Russia, but these are platforms that Russia uses as part of its nuclear deterrent. They have their nuclear ballistic submarines. They got their land-based nuclear missiles and then they got their air launched missiles. Well, a lot of their bombers just got taken out. This is starting to make Russia feel vulnerable. And when Russia feels vulnerable, its neighbors find out the hard way. So, we're going to see what happens here. Now the Eastern European country is claiming 41 uh Russian heavy bombers were uh damaged or destroyed. So uh that's slight discrepancy from uh what Bloomberg's numbers were. Now Bloomberg may have been rounding it or may not have counted one of them because they thought one of them wasn't very conclusive. I don't know. But what happened here uh before we get to talking about the trains, which is a huge issue there too, uh we're talking three trains actually destroyed uh across uh Russia in just in the last few hours as well. Uh and and there's probably even more attacks that we we don't even know about just yet. These are just the ones that have popped up so far. All right. So as part of operation uh spider web, Eastern European country uh planned this for about a year and a half. They took four shipping containers, modified them so that drones were hidden um basically above the shipping container and then somehow they maneuvered these shipping containers uh into position so they could attack four Russian air bases simultaneously. these uh trucks with the shipping containers with a modified u uh section above the shipping container. So I guess when it gets inspected they check the shipping container, didn't find anything in the shipping container, but they didn't look in the ceiling of the shipping container. Uh then remotely they opened up the top of the shipping container uh shipping containers, all four of them. Uh, and then these drones then flew out of the top of the shipping container and then attacked the strategic bombers. Now, these things had to have had internet access. So, I think we're going to be finding out in the coming hours that these things were equipped that these shipping containers were equipped with Starlink. I think that that's going to be something we're going to see very, very soon. uh these things were almost certainly had Starlink access or it's possible that they were using the cell phone networks of uh of of Russia against themselves. But however you look at this, these were firsterson drones. Each of them were flown and targeted directly by drone operators thousands of miles away. Uh one of the uh the air bases that was hit um was 4,000 kilometers away. Uh so quite a ways. These things were well out of the range of drones and well out of the range of even most missiles. This is why the strategic bombers were there. Uh one of them was in eastern Siberia. Somehow they got a a cargo container there with uh firsterson flying uh drones that they were able to then get these explosives onto these aircraft. This is this is huge, friends. $2 billion now to the United States. That's that's devastating. That's That's like what a what a gender confused captain might run around someplace, right? Oh, wait. That's the Australians. Never mind. Anyway, uh but in addition to that, we're seeing that this is a this is going to really limit the capability of Russia launching air strikes. Uh these strategic bombers have been used to be loaded up with long range munitions and then they're then uh flown close to the border, launched their munitions and uh basically hitting the cities, power plants, and other targets all across that country in Eastern Europe. They won't be able to do that with these bombers either destroyed or damaged significantly. They're going to have to repair the ones that they can repair. And some of them uh some of the videos you can see the the big columns of smoke coming off of these uh off these uh air strips, these uh air bases. Uh there's one video of apparently as the doors to the top of the the cargo container opened and the drones started to fly out the top, uh the Russian men around saw what was happening and tried climbing up on top of the container to try to stop these drones from launching. Uh there was that and then uh at least one of the shipping containers after the attack then um self-destructed the uh cargo container itself exploded. Uh and so we have a lot of stuff happening with that. All right, let's move on to these uh these trains. There were uh there have been confirmed three trains uh crashed or destroyed. Uh one of the trains appears to be a munitions train uh was uh sabotaged or or it exploded. It's possible that this was uh placed on the rails underneath the train and that it wasn't attached to the train or maybe it was the train itself that was sabotaged. We were not quite sure on that. Uh the other two cr train train crashes are more clear. Uh one a uh apparently there was an explosion that caused a a u a bridge over the train track to collapse down onto the tracks uh which then caused a uh passenger train to derail. Uh numerous people were injured and um a few people did not make it as well. And then there was also another uh instance of a cargo uh train that uh as it came up to a bridge, the bridge was uh detonated and the bridge collapsed uh underneath the train. And so uh that's three trains in just just a few short hours here. Uh there are reports of other explosions across the Moscow region and others. Uh so as you can see this is a very big widespread widescale attack on Russia right now and uh this is going to be responded to uh almost assuredly. Now without their strategic bombers it's going to make it harder for Russia to respond to this and this this could lead them to using a nuclear strike. Uh there there's also unconfirmed reports of of heavy smoke coming from one of u the the major naval bases uh from um of Russia that is used for the strategic ballistic missile submarines. Uh no confirm confirmations of any uh submarines damaged or destroyed, but uh from the base uh columns of smoke coming off of that. Uh so something apparently took place there too. Uh I won't speculate about stuff there because I don't have more information, but don't be surprised if we get more information about that. And uh it's going to be scary news. Russia may be backed into a corner to potentially ending the conflict in Eastern Europe. And how would they do that on their terms? Uh potentially the deployment of nuclear weapons. And that is something that we may see here. Uh this is going to be seen as a dire devastating attack on uh on Russia. up till now when these type of things happened on their uh you know oil tanks or their refineries or uh train tracks or even attacking the civilian buildings in Russia. They've kind of shrugged it off as kind of like, oh well that doesn't really hurt us. Uh that that that's that's just a a flesh wound. Well, this sure seems to be a lot more than a flesh wound. This one is seriously going to hurt Russia. Uh particularly the people at the very very top, the military planners, the military uh generals and such that are trying to plan things out are looking at their asset board right now and are not happy with what they see. they are going to feel very threatened by this and uh they may lash out hard to make an example of of that country in Eastern Europe and what that will look like in the coming hours and coming days. I don't know what, but they're probably going to hit back hard. And uh like I said, what assets do they have right now to really make that because they need to make an example of this to make sure this never happens again. That's going to be their perspective on this, right? Uh they are not going to want to see this ever happen again and they need to make sure that no country uh tries to pull this again. Uh so whether they make an example of other countries that supplied them these materials, if they use Starlink, that's going to be an important component here. If they use drones, uh particularly militaryra drones from any country, that's going to be a serious problem there, too. Now, if they just used offtheshelf um and the pictures that I've seen so far did not look like militaryra uh firsterson drones. They look like more the cobbled together civilian drones that we've seen a lot of on the battlefield. Uh so, uh they didn't look like German uh designer drones or American designer drones. They could have been. I I could just maybe not be familiar with that model. Three train crashes, 40 or 41 strategic bombers, other aircraft damaged or destroyed, uh critical facilities at these air bases destroyed. Uh and in addition to that, we have other unconfirmed explosions and fires uh raging in different places uh across Russia. They're going to be very unhappy today and they're probably going to try to make somebody very unhappy tomorrow. This could be uh we could see the deployment of a nuclear weapon uh here. And I've already given you a 72-hour warning on Iran, potentially Israeli strikes on Iran. Uh that could be happening any hour uh over the next uh several days here. But then we look at this and we see that Russia may hit back Eastern Europe really really hard in the next couple days too. This is a major warning out there. Uh World War III could be right at our doorstep, the next phase of it at least. The deep plunge could happen in the next few hours. So u uh this is uh this is serious warning friends. you might want to get out there uh stock up some things. Uh if you like the price of oil and gas and uh and uh your your diesel, you might want to get stocked up right now because the price could go through the roof if there are uh strikes on Iran. And if Russia looks over at Iran and says, "Hey, you know, you're off the chain. You can do whatever you want right now. We're not going to pressure you to stop because we're we're ticked off, too. So if you want to close the straight of Hormuz, then just go for it. Go for it. And in fact, we may come down there and help you do it. Uh because uh they are royally royally ticked. Let me know what you guys think down in the comments down below. Uh this is critical information. I wanted to get this out to you right away. Uh but um that's the latest information down in the comments. There's probably already new information coming out, but be careful. Uh there's going to be a lot of misinformation coming out as well. And we're going to um the stuff that I've shown you is stuff I've either seen with my own eyes or is coming from trusted sources as much as they can be these days, right? Uh but apparently uh third-party sources or they're confirmed by both sides or by eyewitness accounts at this point. All right, friends. Thanks so much for watching. If you want to check out another video from this channel, there's one right up here. I'll see you over there or I'll see you guys later. D. Popppler of the popppler report