This is not an update video. This is a warning for anybody who lives in a forested region, which is pretty much 70% of the continent. Now, this is very much a preparedness video. We are currently experiencing a crazy flare up in fires up here in North America in the Canadian boreal forest in particular. Our premier is saying that we've never seen anything like this and thousands may need to evacuate. I'm going to show you all the fire maps on what is developing here. This could very well be one of the largest fires in North American history. Okay, people need to get ready for this one. This could be massive. Now, why this is so pertinent to everybody, regardless of where you live, it's getting hotter, it's getting drier, and there's just a lot of uh environmental impacts and people living close to the fault lines. When I say environmental impacts, I'm talking about things like invasive species, which have practically killed half of the pine trees in the forested region of the boreal forest, which is standing dead. timber. So, this stuff flares up like crazy. We just coming out of a drought, but when you come out of a drought, it still takes a long time to come out of that drought. Our water tables where I live are very low, much lower than what they were 20 years ago. And I can tell you that even in our coastal rainforests out here in Vancouver Island, I have seen it out there in recent years so bone dry on some years that if you looked at it the wrong way, you would start a fire. Okay? So, you are not immune. Maybe down here where you guys get a lot of uh moisture, uh you're probably okay. But regardless, as you can see, there's fires all over the place down here. Now, uh let's not talk about whether or not it's arson. Yes, a lot of these fires are human-caused, either accidental or even intentional. This is something I've heard for years, uh that, you know, since I was a kid, oh, they're starting fires to create jobs. But the fires were never on a scale that we've seen, especially in the last few years, due to the drought and the record high temperatures. and these winds that are fueling this fire. So, as you can see right now, we have the winds blowing a lot of this smoke in what appears to be a southeastern direction and it's blowing the smoke fast. It's been incredibly windy. Now, if this changes, if this wind changes, the fire marshall was saying that this fire, for example, which is the size of Prince Elbert National Park, which is massive. This one fire, I believe it's either this one or that one, is nearly a thousand square kilometers. Okay, so that's uh getting up there in terms of it's getting close. Not the biggest single fire. No, by in no means is it, you know, yet. I mean, we're still very early in the season. It goes till October, November in some cases. Um, but the fire marshall was saying that despite the fact that the wind is almost blowing due east, this fire is still moving 400 m a day. Okay? So, it's quickly encroaching on one of our province's primary resorts. There's a lot of uh reservations that are being burned out as a result of this. So, this is massive. And I just wanted to go over a few things today and show you some of the tools that I use to track these things as well as share some messages that I've received. I'm not going to disclose any personal details or identifiers uh because I don't want to compromise uh the person's identity. Uh but I'm also going to share some, you know, just advice with respect to how to evacuate one of these regions based on seeing these things progress and making countless videos on it in the past. I first want to show you a few resources that you can use. So this is firesmoke.ca. Okay, it's actually really good. Even if you live in the states, they don't uh seem to track what's going on in the states as much, so it might not be entirely accurate. But when the California wildfire season was blaring, they did show that on firesmoke.ca as a.ca. That just means it's a Canadian domain. There is also fire map live. This will show you basically the the size of the area that has been burned. We also have zoom earth which is a incredible tool because it actually gives you a realtime satellite feed. Of course, the clouds always get away, but you can still see the path of smoke. And when you get an eye for this, you can discern smoke from clouds with relative ease. This is good because it shows you the wind speed. Okay, so it shows you the basically where the trajectory of the fire is going to blow. And why this is so important is because these fires are are moving at such an insane speed. When that fire marshall said that that fire is moving at 400 m in the direction that was opposite of the wind, if that wind switches, you may even you may be 100 kilometers from that thing and you still may only have a half an hour to evacuate and I would say probably less than that because the roadways are going to be clogged. So for that reason, you absolutely need to have a bugout plan. Now, so we have firesmoke.ca, we have fire map, we have zoomar, which will give you a variety of realtime data as it comes to pertains to meteorology. And then we have climate reanalyzer, which is great for forecasting because this is going to not only show you all the various different types of maps. So, it shows you wind speed, uh, precipitable water, it shows you all of the metrics, and it keeps a history and it prognosticates as well. So, right now, we're looking at here. Here we are right now. Despite the fact that we're at cooler temperatures than normal for this period of time, in this particular place, this fire is still blazing. Now, what's concerning to me is what's going to happen on Friday. this whole region is going to heat up to above average temperatures in some cases down in British Columbia significantly and I think we're going to see massive flare-ups in BC this year as well. So those four primary tools you can pretty much triangulate with a high degree of confidence where the threats are going to be. Uh the wind pattern can change abruptly. Right now it is blowing along the jetream. This zoom or not zoom earth climate reanalyzer it will also provide you data about the jetream. So if we go to climate reanalyzer on the main page we can go to today's weather maps and then we can go to jetream. So it shows us you know which which general direction the winds are blowing and uh you know so there's a lot of different data there. So that that is very important if you live in a wooded region and again do not get complacent and think because you don't live in a fireprone region this day and age we have seen that we are living in unprecedented times and as such any place where you see green and even not green I mean in Texas they have a lot of forests you know they're not as uh they're not as tall the trees but you know that can still burn as we seen what was it a couple years ago when that fire just ravaged over a million uh hectares or whatever it was. So, you know, these fires can move very very quickly and they're going to encroach on densely populated regions more so in the future as there's more human contact and interaction in these places. Now, of course, yes, there's arson. We're not getting into space lasers, at least at this point in time, while people's homes are burning down. It's not constructive. So, I would encourage people to watch a video that I released called Every Prepper Needs a RIP Kit. Now, this is something you want to prepare in advance, obviously, because if you live in one of these regions, you need to have all of your identifiers. Okay? And I walk you through, try to get it on there. This is a sample. So, it's not my real ID, but you want to have copies of all your identification. Okay. You want to have any sort of deed, um, a banking statement. You want to have, uh, what is this? Is this generic? Oh, yeah, that's generic. Normaly Norman, you want to have your driver's license. Okay. You want to have uh, like I say, deeds, any notorized documents, power of attorneys, um, even a criminal record check. If we're talking about full-blown SHTF and you need to be vetted by a community that you're evacuating to and you know you may have the best laid plans, but they can always go arai as the saying goes. You want to have a will, your medical alert and a variety of different maps, topographical maps and different types of reference material. Now the RIP stands for reference and identification portfolio. I know it's probably not the best acronym, but it's easy to remember. So, in this video, I take you step by step with respect to what you should put in your RIP kit. And I give you a lot of different ideas. Uh everything from you know a braille alphabet like it it gets really deep to various types of hobo signals, different types of radio frequencies, um you know medical advice, what to do in a nuclear explosion, etc., etc. So you definitely want to check that video out. Uh, also I would encourage people to check out the video we just released and it it's all about how quickly stuff is going to run out in an emergency. Okay? Because most people take for granted how little there actually is in the store primarily due to our just in time delivery system. Now before I give you a overview of this and just some generic advice with respect to how to uh evacuate from from a emergency disaster situation. I want to just share with you a I guess it's I call it a testimonial probably isn't the most appropriate terminology but an account of somebody who had utilized uh one of our products and that was the fire mask. Okay, this is a disposable mask that can maybe seem to save lives. Uh yes, it can save lives absolutely. But if you have somebody with respiratory issues and they're caught in a situation like this, and you will be. We've seen time and time again, you know, you can even have a plan. You can have all your stuff in the car. These fires move so fast. And if you doze off and all of a sudden, you know, within a half an hour there's a fire sweeping through. No matter how big the fire break, these fires are so massive. And with these winds, it can carry those embers for miles and they ignite. So, this piece of kit, this fire mask is very cost effective. It's disposable, you know, for the most part. Uh, it basically has a chemical uh has a chemistry that's going to convert carbon monoxide to something breathable. And uh it's basically going to purify the air for 30 minutes. Enough for you to get out of dodge. So, you're not going to get carbon monoxide poisoning. It's going to filter out the smoke particulate. It's going to uh filter out anything down to I'm not really sure what the micron breakdown is. Uh it show it has all the specifications on here. This is not like a CBRN type mask like this that is going to protect against every single thing, but generally speaking, it is going to allow you to respirate with more ease. If you want something that can filter out carbon monoxide, you need a specialized filter with a chemistry that is going to do that, that is going to convert the the carbon monoxide to something that you can use to breathe oxygen, right? It's going to attach I can't remember the exact science of how it works. I've done videos on it before, but uh the actual explanation escapes me at this point in time. This is going to work with your standard NATO gas mask. This will also filter out pretty much everything else as well. There's activated uh carbon in there. There's uh a particulate filter and then there's that chemical component that neutralizes the carbon monoxide as well. So, you know, those are some things to to keep in mind. Now, when evacuating, obviously prevention is the number one thing you can do. And this is why part of the reason why I think the ideal place to live is just adjacent to a forest, not right in the thick of the forest. Everybody wants to bug out to the forest. And unfortunately, while that might be a picturesque lifestyle for many, that is glamorized and romanticized by preppers in particular and off-grid, homesteaders to live up on a mountain in a forested region. If there's one way in and one way out and that fire is moving fast and you didn't you weren't proactive enough, then you could get caught and you could die. Okay? So, no matter how big your fire break is, but if you can, try to keep those trees as far away from your home as possible. uh try to have as much gravel or as much you know controlling the the the flora in the immediate vicinity and I would say within at least I don't know a couple hundred meters ideally of your home in order to protect your home. There's different types of chemicals that you can get to spray on on your house. I don't know exactly, you know, I don't know about that uh much about that, but it's something that we should probably look into. But in terms of evacuating from a region, often times in an emergency, in a panic, people are going to gravitate towards what's the fastest way to get out of the city as possible. Whether it's a city or whether it's a, you know, a situation like this where there's only a few ways in and a few ways out, the tendency is towards the path of lease resistance. And I I've done in-depth uh videos on how to evacuate and considerations with respect to, you know, kind of the the back alley ways to get through a city when it's congested and gridlocked. Uh but a general rule of thumb is the fastest way is going to be the slowest way in an emergency because that's the way that everybody's going to take. Okay? So you want to visualize if there's an alternate route that might seem slower like maybe there's a few back roads like this particular instance in a lot of these communities. There's one way in one way out there's maybe some forestry roads. If you can take one of those tertiary or secondary roads that's not going to be backed up, then you know that might be an advantage if it's not in the path of the fire. Of course, every situation is going to be unique, but something for you to consider. The advantage of going into uh the place where there's a lot of traffic is that you could potentially get help. However, of course, you're going to be contending not only with the fact that there are hundreds of people doing the exact same thing that you are, but visibility is going to be incredibly low. So, you know, that's uh potentially cause for accidents. Now, I received a message uh from somebody today who actually put these to use, okay, in one of these fires that are burning north of here. They're saying that they currently had no power, no landline, no cellular, no internet. There was only one person and they were using their Starlink to communicate. And you know, these people are obviously preparedness minded. And I'm not going to get into the details of because there's, you know, the government always complicates things. Oh, you can't go and help people because, you know, just a bunch of right? But fortunately, some people still have common sense. But uh they're saying that they use four of the fire mass to evacuate an elderly couple out of the flames and smoke and drive them to safety. Thank you uh for donating the two extra ones. Um yeah, I I mean, you know, we we try to we try to make a contribution where possible. It is not announced. Uh okay, I'm not going to read the next part, but that's, you know, essentially the gist of it is that these things do potentially save lives, especially for people who are elderly and infirm. Uh it can definitely have a a significant impact. So, these are just some videos that are coming out. Uh one video that really put in perspective, and I can't find it, but it shows, you know, what appears to be it might not have been an off-grid setup. It might might have been a community solar system. It looked uh fairly sizable in the 50 kowatt range and uh it appeared as though that was about to burn down. So, we're seeing a lot of crazy footage coming out of Lange and some of these communities and it's only going to get worse because we're still in the beginning of fire season. Now, I would strongly encourage people to go and check out this video, 24 hours to chaos, because it really puts in perspective, okay? These are the videos that people need to watch, okay? Because not only are they very fact-based and researchbased, but uh I think they're they're very digestible and you're going to get a lot if you watch it. So, just a few stats for you and then you can kind of go and watch the video and I'll fill in the gaps in that video hopefully. Gas stations only hold two to three days worth of gasoline. Now, if you have diesel, it may last a little bit longer, but it's very likely that those semi-truckss are going to gobble that up quite quickly as well. But on average, there's about one gas station per 5,000 people. And if you do the math, at any given moment, I think in the video I say two gallons of gasoline per person, but realistically, uh, not all their storage tankers are going to be full, okay? And it's more like a couple liters per person when it comes down to it. So, there's not a lot of gasoline to go around. In terms of grocery stores, stock typically runs out in a few hours, okay? especially in an emergency, it's gone in a few hours. It looks like those shelves are full. But when you understand how many groceries there stores there are per person and that they all run on this highly efficient just in time delivery system, it's kind of a facade in a way. You ever see that movie with uh is it called the dictator where Seth Rogan and uh James, what's his name? They go to North Korea and there's this facade of I think they did this during COVID too, didn't they? where they made it look like there was more stuff where they put up pictures of stuff. So, it really is a facade in terms of cell towers in the internet. There's a limited capacity, okay, for you to use emergency services. This is why when you call 911 during an emergency, there's not enough bandwidth to go around. So something else uh to keep in mind even Starlink is going to be clogged especially nowadays when so many people are using it and Starlink is extremely limited in the amount of bandwidth and users that each satellite can accommodate. It's actually not that much which is why it likely will never be able to fully serve the needs of the entire uh planet. Uh certainly not if we don't want space junk causing Kesler syndrome up there. banks and cash, ATMs, they'll be drained fast, fast, fast, fast. Everybody's going to be going for cash. This is why as much as cash is trash, you know, from a finance point of view, economics point of view, it is something that you should have because when the grid goes down, it's the only thing people are going to be accepting. Okay. Water supply, that requires electricity. So the pumps that pump water uh once the once the electricity fails, water pressure and sanitation are going to fall apart very quickly in terms of sanitation. Garbage pickup. What are you going to do with your garbage? I live out on an acreage now. We have to deal with our own garbage. It piles up a lot quicker than you think. Now, if you have garbage in an SHTF situation, you're probably doing pretty good because that means that you're consuming stuff. Nonetheless, you should have a means of hygienic disposal. The power grid, of course, is aging and fragile. A single cyber attack storm or solar vent could cause the whole thing to be brought down. In fact, they only need to bring down a handful of transformers to compromise significantly large portions of the grid. In terms of medical supplies, pharmacies only carry a few days worth of medication. And if everybody's making a run on things, all these estimates, 3 to 5 hours, it's going to be brought down to, you know, it's going to be an hour and you're going to be scraping the bottom of the barrel. In terms of ammunition, yeah, that's going to go in 24 hours. That happened during COVID. Law enforcement, there's not nearly enough police out there to enforce. I think there's one cop for every thousand people. And I believe that that maybe two cops for every thousand people. and only half a cop is on duty at any given moment. I can't remember the exact statistic. I talk about it in this video. Hospitals, they're not designed, they have a certain adaptive capacity for surge capacity, if you will, but uh they quickly are overwhelmed. It doesn't take much. They're always usually 90% capacity as is. So, in an emergency, you can imagine in any mass casualty event, they're going to be easily overwhelmed. uh everything from trains, freight, food distribution. Uh we talk about jails in the video. We talk about traffic and uh those core principles of evacuation that I talked about earlier. We talk about other things like liquor stores and uh other stores of that nature which will likely that are not necessarily essential but they're they're going to have some value to people and they can be potential flash points for criminality. Uh we talk about military flash points. Obviously if you live near nuclear power centers and military bases these are things that you have to factor in. I go over this and everything else on this channel. I have made videos on how to make maps, do area studies, uh we've talked about, you know, urban survival strategies and just countless videos. So, I would encourage you to go back through the library of vids and get educated. And if you live in any of these regions, have a plan right now because one of my main concerns is that there's people right now who are succumbing to that normaly bias who this is a very a relatively populous region. And uh there's people who are here right now depending on these fire breaks. But fire breaks. If this wind shifts, okay, and these embers are flying all over the place and it's dry as hell, which it's going to be, this whole place is going to burn down. It's going to burn down. If this wind shifts, all of this is gone. It's sad to say, but this could go as far as PA National Park, and it could burn down our national parks. Now, one of the only benefits of the national park is that it's less populated and it's more controlled uh in the sense that, you know, it's quite regulated in there. So, there's not a lot of people just running around doing their own thing. So perhaps uh that limits accidents, arson, but even if it does rain at this point. Rain can't really do a whole lot to a fire unless it's persistent for days and days and days. A good example of this is, you know, when you're you have a bonfire or a campfire and you try to put it out at the end of the night and it seems like no matter how much water you pour on this thing, right, it just doesn't want to get extinguished. there's still embers burning in there. Well, it's the same thing with a forest fire. Even worse, because a lot of the rain, you know, if you have trees that are burning upright, uh the water is falling to the ground. So, the trees continue to burn even if the ground is wet and of course those embers and a lot of that, you know, just evaporates right away because of the sheer heat that is generated. So, this situation is bad and this is the worst I've ever seen it. And I've been documenting these forest fires for years. I did a trip across Canada in 2021, I believe it was. And that was one of the worst years. I think that's when we broke a record. Something like 1.7 what was it? No, 35 million acres burned. It was like three and a half times uh what the record was previously. And it's only going to get worse. I I don't even think this year, you know, the amount of boreal forest that is left to burn is there's a lot of it. This is not about save the trees. The trees are going to grow back, okay? But this poses a major health hazard. It's probably going to have effects on agriculture because I mean, look at how far this smoke goes down. If anything, you know, in terms of aerosol masking, um, there's an aerosol masking effect. And what that is is it actually cools the planet. So, in the same way cloud cover and ice, you see this white green land that reflects sunlight back out to space. So, it actually cools the planet. The less uh dark there is on the planet, the less heat is absorbed. So, you want more Arctic ice. It's called the albido effect. The same thing is true with you know uh volcanic ash or you know cloud cover or any sort of aerosol like uh what was it sulfides sulfates that are you know given off by and this is the the paradox and the catch 22 of the aerosol masking effect is that our pollution actually reflects some of the sun's heat. So what they found is after 2020 when they brought in this international rule that said you had to reduce diesel sulfate uh type fuels that cargo containers use the the temperature of the planet just skyrocketed. And that's what we're seeing right now. Record global average temps. I know a lot of people are like where I am it's colder than normal. We're talking about global. There's global versus local. On the whole it's getting hotter. It's a scientific fact and the closer you get to the Arctic the the more it's warming up. So the Arctic on average is 4 degrees above average whereas closer to the equator it's around one degree uh you know compared to the industrial baseline since 1850. Now before that I mean regardless the trend line is obvious. Okay remember the dust bowl humans can have an effect. This doesn't mean I'm like, "Yay, let's bring in Mark Carney so he can take all the guns and tax us." That's not what this is about. This is just that looking calmly and rationally at the situation for what it is. This doesn't mean that I'm endorsing or condoning any sort of excessive government overreach to try to fix the problem. The government are incompetent buffoons, and that's the nicest way I can say that. Okay? So, I'm not endorsing any sort of, you know, restrictive measures. I hate how they start throwing their weight around in these situations and saying you can't go there and this and that and they block you out of your property while it's burning down and you can't go and get your I hate all that government overreach But this doesn't happen if things are normal is what I'm saying. I've been hearing about this, like I said, since I was a kid. Oh, they're starting fires because they want jobs, but the fires were never as big as they are now. So, this is different. And I don't even recall seeing smoke to be 100%. I don't Maybe I just wasn't paying attention, but I don't remember seeing forest fire smoke prior to the 2010s. Like, I just don't even remember. So, and now it's, you know, pretty much every year without fail. So, you need to have a plan. Okay? You got to have a plan. You may think you're okay because it's never happened. If there's trees next to your house, it can burn down. In fact, where I live in the Aspen Parkland biome, there's a lot of grass and that grass is incredibly dry. the stuff that isn't farmed because the farmers actually, you know, they keep the the foliage down so it uh doesn't become a fire hazard. But, you know, just because you're not in a forest doesn't mean that can't burn. Now, grass fires probably easier to mitigate in terms of protecting your home. You know, the embers are not going to be as uh large and it's going to be more manageable and they're going to be more fast moving. And so long as you have a good gravel moat or some non-combustible moat that surrounds your home, you're probably going to be okay. But uh you're not immune to this. Nobody is immune. All the norms that we've become accustomed to over the last many generations, that's those days are over. Anything goes nowadays, whether it pertains to weather and that stuff we love to talk about on the other channel, World War II. So my friends, go check that out if you want to support the channel. You can get all the preparedness emergency supplies, canadianpreparedness.com. And the fire mask is a lowcost solution, not just for wildfires, but especially like we get a lot of uh companies that buy them cuz they they have skyscrapers. And if you have to if the elevators are not working in an emergency, you don't want to rely on elevators for obvious reasons. You don't want to get trapped in an elevator. Uh they want to have one of these for every person. So go get one. I think they're 50 bucks, 45 bucks or something like that Canadian, which is I don't know, a dollar American. No, it's more like 30 35 bucks American. But uh keep an eye on this because you're going to be hearing about this in the news down south. People are going to be complaining when the smoke and this thing is this thing is only getting started because we're not even seeing, you know, hot temperatures yet. We were, which is why that whole thing started. But when this thing kicks up a notch, we have a hot streak coming and then we have a cold stint coming. Once that cold stint comes, you can see there's another high-pressure system moving in here. And uh I have a sneaking suspicion that this is going to be bad. This is uh I'm no meteorologist, but I've looked at this long enough to know that uh there's no rain in the forecast. That's all you need to know. It's going to get ugly. So, my heart goes out to everybody who is living on these fault lines right now because I understand why you do. I would love to live out in one of these places. But I've seen too much to know what the risks are. And as great as these conifer forests are, boy, do they burn when they burn. And uh you got to have a plan to get the hell out of dodge. Okay, so thanks for watching my friends. Check out the prepper news. We've been talking about a lot of stuff over there. If you guys want your World War II updates, you got to go over there. Thanks for watching. Take care.