Today I want to talk about mistakes that I've made as a prepper. On this channel, we often will show you the top trim of whatever product that we undertake. So, this comes at the expense of being Greyman. So, one thing I can think of in particular is my truck. Uh, if I had to go back in time and do it all over again, I would have not got this truck and I would have not decked it out with all of the bells and whistles. What I would do differently is I would get a diesel vehicle and I would put one of those very inconspicuous winches on it, the hidden winch, and have a plain grayman truck. When you have a YouTube channel, the tendency is to want to show you the most iconic item which is emblematic of whatever aspect of preparedness we're discussing. If it's a greenhouse, if it's a bunky and off-grid cabin, it has to kind of look good. And what looks good, unfortunately, to you is going to look good to other people. So instead of focusing on things that look iconic and look badass, go for obscurity. You want something that is going to completely blend in, that is going to serve the function. Diesel is just so important because you can store it. It's not as volatile, last longer. You can use it for a variety of different types of equipment. You could put in your diesel heating system. If at all possible, get a diesel vehicle, even if it's an older one. And there's a reason why they're phasing them out. I think it's because it's too empowering to people. I mean, this maybe is a bit of a conspiracy theory, but you'll notice that there's no more diesel vehicles. They're very hard to come by. They used to make these diesel Jettas. They don't even make those anymore. I don't think it's because people don't want them, per se. It's because it's something which is dystopian proof, the farthest thing from an electric vehicle that drives itself. Less focus on iconography, more focus on obscurity blending into the best of your capability. The other mistake I've made as a prepper is rushing too much. Most of my predictions are accurate. My conclusions are accurate, but my calculations are typically wrong in that these things never happen in as timely a fashion as I initially think. So, for example, back in 2014, I was making all kinds of videos about how I thought a pandemic was imminent, and I had ideas in my mind as to how a pandemic would play out. But what surprised me the most about the pandemic is how drawn out it was. And I think a lot of that is because of Hollywood's influence. We think that these things are going to happen on contracted timelines where it's going to be action-packed. You overestimate the speed at which things are going to collapse. When the pandemic lasted years, you know, that really caught me by surprise and it forced me to kind of recalibrate my understanding of how these things are going to play out. Another example of that is World War II. It's ongoing. Everything that we said is going to happen is happening, but it's happening on a much slower timeline. And I'm not really sure the reasons to why. I think we perhaps underestimate the resiliency and the safeguards within the system and we overestimate the tendency towards disorder. My long bets are always right. And I found this with the markets also is that often times I'll I'll make a bet in the stock market and I'll wait a year or so and nothing will happen. So I'll do a swing trade. I'll get out and right when I get out it goes up because my grand thesis was correct. It's just my timing and my expectations were not correct. We know that there's a certain inevitability. We understand the conclusions. We just don't know when that's going to happen. We know there's going to have to come a point where there's going to be a confrontation between the superpowers of the world. How we get there though is anybody's best guess. There are certain decisions I've made where I've been very rushed. If I would have taken this more realistic outlook of how things would have played out, I would have been able to optimize those decisions a lot more. Case in point, if I could go back and do all this over again, I probably would have bought some land first. And it doesn't have to be the best piece of land. You can find parcels of bare land with no infrastructure. And honestly, I can tell you right now, the real deal preppers I know, they understand that to be on grid at all and on grid really all that means is that there's power lines, gas lines, telecoms lines, roads that are actively maintained. So, the real deal preppers are buying land in places that is so unappealing to people right now that it's dirt cheap. And I'm talking about very wealthy people. I've always go back to my principle of the least expensive thing now is going to be the most expensive thing after it hits the fan. It's just a starting point and if everything goes to hell, it's the best possible place. Going back to icons verse obscurity, everybody wants the nice mountain property, the Curtis Stone thing. And I'm not dissing Curtis Stone here. I think it's a beautiful property. I'm envious in a lot of ways. But that's not necessarily from a prepping point of view. If you're really prepping for Mad Max, you want something that is way off the beaten path. The land itself is always going to have value. So, you can't go wrong. And if I could go back in time, I would have got me a little cheap piece of land, weekend warrior. You know, you can justify it to the wife by saying, "Hey, we're going to have a place to camp." Uh, these places I'm talking about that you're going to get cheap are likely hours away from where you are. Obviously getting there is a problem. So that's something to bear in mind. So you're going to need all these things to get started. Fuels, prochemicals, pesticides. You're going to need all these things if you're really going to get started. So I guess that's the other mistake is believing in the off-grid myth. People are enamored with the prospect of being free to make their own decisions. I think there's also a bit of a delusion there that things are going to be simpler as a result of that. But freedom doesn't always equate with simplicity. In fact, you're likely making a sacrifice for convenience. It's just important to understand that what you're getting yourself into is going to be a lot of work. And it's a very challenging life. Why we do it as preppers is because we don't want there to be a shock if and when we are forced back into that lifestyle. Once you get established, I think it can be a very pleasurable lifestyle. that half an hour a week that you get to kind of have a sigh of relief and take a breather when the grass is cut, the animals are fed, everything's watered, there's about a half an hour window there where things are done, and then it all starts over again. And all you usually see on social media is that sunset moment. You know, when our friend Dean over at Arcopia talks about how he loves the lifestyle, he's talking about that that 15 minutes at the end of the day. I'm not speaking for him, but I'm just saying that other 23.75 hours of the day is usually very laborious, and some people like that kind of labor. Some people like being out there working with their hands in the field, but it's work. The next thing is not focusing enough on skills. This is probably where I have screwed up the most, arguably due to the channel interfering with my ability to focus on these things. Because preppers, we're very independently minded. So, we like doing things ourselves. Often, a hurdle to our development is going to be not taking the advice of others. Taking a course in survival, taking a course in first aid. Uh, I've been fortunate to have a lot of experts on the channel that have kind of educated me of the cursory aspects of their fields, but I should have been pursuing that more. and having some sort of skilled trade to accompany it is also going to be important. Last but not least, these two things kind of overlap. Having too much gear and not being organized. Gear is great, but it's very easy to get into a keeping up with the Joneses type mindset where you always have to get something that's slightly better. If you can just find one good thing, one satisfactory tool for every aspect of prepping and stick with it. master it. Buy several versions of that thing and that's going to help you stay organized. You'll get these gun collectors who will collect hundreds of different firearms, but they never master one gun. And there's that old cliche, fear the man with one gun. If I could go back, I would just have like uh all of the same gun because let's say really went sideways and you had to train people. It would be much easier to train people if everybody had the same tool. If everybody's got a different gun and a different caliber and you know, I just use a gun as an example, but it could be anything. Could be a shovel, could be a saw, could be these power tools that are powered by lithium batteries. You know, find one brand and stay within that brand so you can have all the batteries that are, you know, cross-co compatible. So you have that whole ecosystem of products and it just simplifies things because things are going to be complicated enough. You want to be somebody who knows where everything is in a crisis. When a disaster does strike, if you have all of this stuff, it's not going to be second nature to you. You're not going to have the bandwidth to be able to think much in a crisis situation. Let me know mistakes that you guys have made as preppers. I'm interested to hear it in the comments section below. Well, thanks for watching. Don't forget to like, comment, subscribe. Canadian Prepar. The best way to support this channel is to support yourself by gearing up at canadianpreparedness.com, where you'll find highquality survival gear at the best prices, no junk, and no gimmicks. Use discount code prepping gear for 10% off. Don't forget the strong survive, but the prepared thrive. Stay safe.