Investors are dumping bonds like crazy as gold prices rise. Also, I think we're going to see silver as well. But my friends, another financial crisis is indeed here. I promised you a walk and talk today where I'd go into the garden. And let me be honest, after doing a lot of digging in this pond behind me today, I think I'm going to sit and we're going to have a sort of informal conversation about what is happening in the economy and how you can prepare for it. So, let's begin with a couple of things that I've a few notes that I've made then uh early this morning. woke up about 5:00 and just started really going over my thoughts in my head as to how I can communicate this to you in the most effective way. So, a few things I just pulled off um online then off a lot of the financial statistics today. So, investors are selling bonds from the US government as part of a trade known as sell America. So, this is a trend that's going on at the moment here. It's called Cell America. It's very interesting because I said that you may see some things going on behind the scenes from China, Russia, some of the the BRICS nations as a result of Hey, keep the noise down you two back there. We got chickens all over. But I guess we can call this a sort of strategic alliance that is happening intentionally against the US dollar. what we've been talking about for a long time, the trend of ddollarization. So what has happened then? This is really crucial. The United States government has now had to pay more to borrow in the global debt markets. Why? What has caused this? Well, just this week then the Treasury Department found there was very low demand for a $20 billion bond release that they did. This is quite normal. or they release these uh treasuries regularly and then retail or larger scale investors will purchase these bonds. So what happened then they've ended up paying a a higher interest rate or what we'd call a yield on the bond. So what's this done? This has really spooked the markets because the 30-year treasuries have now gone above 5% this week. Yes, the 30 years have gone above 5%. So why is this kind of worrying? Well, it's because when the bond yields actually go up, it makes if you're in the US, it makes your debt more expensive. That can be your mortgage or or loans or credit cards. These are what tend to become more expensive for you. But the other thing is that these also underline the global financial network or if you want to call it a system, they underline the global financial system. So if the creditworthiness especially with what happened with Moody's this week, Moody's downgraded the US from a trip AAA down to the next level down. This is pretty serious actually. I want to move on to that because that's quite a a key point that I want to talk on uh in a moment. In fact, let's just segue into another point first. And this is the point I've been talking about with this death spiral of it's not just the US dollar. I know everyone keeps talking about the US dollar, but it's most fiat currencies, they are in this death spiral or a debt spiral if you prefer. What does that mean? Well, the more that they create all of this new currency, the weaker the currency becomes. We've been talking about gold and silver um a little bit more recently, and that's because of the release of my new investment courses on gold and silver. I I'll get on to that in a minute. But what we're actually seeing is not the fact that gold is just skyrocketing, which it is. The charts are phenomenal for the year. A lot of people are saying, "Well, why? They can't understand it. Why is gold going up so much?" And they're trying to figure out all these fundamentals. They're doing fundamental analysis and charting and everything else. You don't really need to do any of that stuff. It's very, very simple. It's very, very clear what's going on. Gold isn't just rising out of nowhere. It's rising because the fiat currency is weakening. The purchasing power of fiat, which is your US dollars, your Canadian dollars, Australian dollars, New Zealand, you know, your euro, British pounds, is all weakening. And this is what we call a debt spiral. So the the the weaker it gets, the more they print more in order to pay the interest. But the higher the interest becomes, the harder it becomes to pay it off. So what do you get? You get a lot more taxes. But the other thing I want to talk about was this what's known as the big beautiful bill that's just passed. Well, the lowest estimates are about $3.5 trillion that's going to add to the national debt between now and let's say the next 10 years, but the highest estimate I've seen is that it could add up to 20 trillion to the debt. that would put the US debt over $50 trillion plus all the other things you're talking in 10 years it just wouldn't be able to survive that there would be no way if what they're saying is correct now I think it's probably going to be somewhere in the middle but as a result of this the more US dollars that are created and the more that investors dump these bonds or these treasuries the harder it's going to be to service the debt because the dollar will weaken and if you remember from 5 years ago my very very long-term forecast. That forecast said that as more dollars flow back to the US because people dump them, what you'll see is inflation, which will become very high level of inflation. And then I think that whoever's the president at the time when that happens, we'll have to put the US onto a gold standard, possibly a Bitcoin as well. I think it'll be a collection of assets, gold, bitcoin, it can be some other things in order to actually save the currency, but I think they'll convert it to something else at that at that time. And I think everyone knows this really around the world. People know it, you know it, governments know it. And the reason they know it is because they are preparing for a central bank digital currency. That's what they are preparing for. You want to be in the video? Okay. She wanted to she wanted to be in a video and say hello to everyone. Say hello. Okay. Now, keep the noise down. All right. And you know, another thing I was thinking about was these credit rating agencies. Anyway, if you remember the uh BTO's and all the other stuff that they did, the AAA ratings in 2008, just before the entire financial world collapsed or crashed, more accurately, but you remember what they did then? Nothing's really changed. nothing's changed because if one agency doesn't give a bank or a huge institution the the rating they're looking for, they just go down the road to another agency. That's honestly how it works. Don't take my word for it. Look it up for yourself. It's that crazy. Doesn't quite work the same way with um governments like Moody's downgrading the US. Doesn't quite work in exactly the same way, but the principle still the same. And I think the downgrading of US equities for the first time in what over a century really shows us that we are in a very new world, a very new period. So how do we actually protect ourselves from this then? Well, I've mentioned a lot of times it would be physical assets and being well diversified. You've got to make sure I'll just add another point. People always say, Neil, how have you been able to invest so effectively for at least the last five years? I mean, before that as well, but at least the last five years. It's really looking ahead and reading history from the past, of course, but looking ahead and and seeing, well, this is very similar to a pattern that occurred before. What could this mean for the future? And that's what I always talk about on my Friday newsletter as well. always looking at this and seeing what I can guide you with as to where things are moving. So, one of the things right now I'd say is tangible assets. Definitely tangible assets with something like I I do think there's a space or a place for Bitcoin as well in portfolios. Um the all-time high as the uh bond demand dropped really tells you that right away. But I still stand by some of the assets that I've held for many years. Uh, gold, gold and silver have always been a play that I've invested in for many, many years. You can't really beat gold, predominantly gold, as an asset. Really, it has stood the test of time for thousands of years. Uh, it's just unbelievable to me. If I dug up a gold coin here right now from a,000 2,000 years ago, give it a bit of a wipe and a rub down, it would still shine really brightly like the day it went into the ground. It's a phenomenal store of value. And I think this is why my new programs that are available for you right now, you can find the link below in the description. Couldn't have come at a better time really because the timing of this is kind of it's kind of perfect if you think about it. Years in the thinking and writing and journaling, months, what seven, eight months in the creation of it, recording videos and interviews with experts and all the other uh stuff, teaching you how to actually do it, where to store it, how to buy the ratios, etc. And this has come out at exactly the same time that we have a debt crisis with the in Japan, the US, UK, and the Euro zone as well as some of the other Western nations. That to me seems like somewhat of an unusual coincidence. And again, the currencies are coming to an end. We all know they're coming to an end. It's obvious. This is why they are prepping the CBDC, the central bank digital currency. And I know that that President Trump said that he's not going to be pushing through with it, but the Euro zone definitely is. You know, it's becoming very much an authoritarian state as it were. Uh even talking now about their own army, their own military wanting to I mean, some of the proposals are absolutely nuts. wanting to disband some of the armies and militaries of of the EU and make this whole EU army. It's all part of their uh 2030 plan and also their 2040 and 2050 plan. It's pretty nuts when you look into it all. Unelected bureaucrats sort of running an army that would be enormous. But another coincidence I saw today was I was plotting the charts on the gold and silver price versus the US dollar and all those other currencies we just mentioned and it was almost completely inverted. Meaning that as gold went up the value or the purchasing power of the dollar went down or the same with the pound and the euro and other things. And that really just shows you that, and even I heard an interesting statistic or a fact recently was that a Roman centurion with the same amount of gold and silver to buy their uniform back in the day would buy you a tailor-made suit today. So really, nothing has changed in thousands of years. And yes, people keep asking me, do I recommend Gold and Silver as part of a uh investment play? Let me just say I recommend it as part of a diversified portfolio on a long-term hedge. So there's two things there you got to take note of. Number one is diversified and number two is long-term because in the long term metal prices will go up. Yeah, there's been some blips in in in history where we've had a blip with silver and it didn't recover and things like that, but you're talking one or two instances throughout a very very long time scale. So, over the long run, they do go up and I do recommend them as part of a diversified portfolio. Especially if you've got all your money in bonds or cash in the bank, it is worth looking into. And just to kind of motivate you to actually look into this and do this, I'm going to give you a massive discount on the courses today 90% off because we're still pre-launch the course. I'm still actually filming the course. So, it's going to be a little while yet before the entire course is released, but every weekend I will release more videos. So, anywhere from 10 to 15 videos every single weekend. And if you do get the program now, you'll also get an entire video module as a free bonus and some uh PDF downloads as well. These are guides. These are also free bonuses. So that's what you can do right now to really protect yourself. And another point I want to make today, and this is kind of a really bold claim, but I think that this period of low interest rates, like very very low interest rates that we've had for many, many years, is probably coming to an end as a result of this debt spiral. I just don't see them be a being able to keep these rates low. I think that's why Powell hasn't reduced the rates even though President Trump has kept asking him and called him a fool and too late Powell and all these other things. I think that's the reason why he knows he can't reduce these rates at the level that he's been asked to reduce them at. And if you want to look at a really extreme example, you can look at the Japanese debt at the minute, which by the way is the largest debt holder of the United States. Yes, they own over $1 trillion dollars worth of US debt. Now, if Japan defaults, you are going to see a massive currency crisis because it's gonna it's going to send ripple ways right across the world. You'll see issues with China, European Union, the UK, any anyone who's big bond holders, debt holders in the United States, you're going to see some really, really big problems. I mean, they're not just doing 30-year bonds now. They're doing 50-year bonds in Japan, and even then, they're struggling. There was very weak demand yet again on their latest bond release. I mean, the writing is on the wall, ladies and gentlemen. And if you just think how much debt there is in the world now, we're over hundred trillion dollars. Don't know if you're aware of that. Trund trillion dollar of debt. 35% of that is the United States. 35% of the entire world debt is the United States right now. It's unbelievable. But the next one after that would be Japan holds about 10% of the total. Actually, China holds 16%. This is just unsustainable. I mean, look at the borrowing costs now. They're being driven up nonstop at the moment. And I predict that if these bond yields keep going up like this, you're going to see investors jumping ship. And you might say, well, isn't that a good thing if yields go up? Not necessarily because on the flip side of that is is sort of instability and being extremely nervous about things. I know a lot of my private clients, these are all high netw worth individuals. They are very nervous. A lot of them have already dumped, not all of their bonds, but they are starting to dump their bonds. And it's not just that. Look at the GDP forecasts right across the the Western world or the developed world. They are so low because they can't they can't create new growth without creating new debt because the system is just broken. I keep talking about pensions as well. There is going to be a entire module in the advanced course gold and silver just on how you build a gold and silver pension using physical gold and silver. And I would highly recommend that you all look into this because if you remember my documentary on pensions, massive Ponzi scheme that has become inverted. It's not a a pyramid anymore. It's an inverted pyramid. There's just not going to be enough workers to support the people as they go through retirement. The whole system is predicated on the fact that people are earning here and paying into the system here. But the system's already empty. the pensions are empty. That's why the Bank of England had to bail out the UK pension uh plans. And I still can't believe that I was one of the only people, well, me and some other YouTubers that covered that. Was hardly even on the the mainstream media and the news. No one really even talked about that because they don't want to create panic and let the public know what's really going on. So, a gold and silver pension, I'll show you how to do that as well, would be a really good way to protect your your life savings, everything that you've worked for. So, I do think we're going to see higher taxes in predominantly the UK and the Euro zone. I just don't see any way out of this. I'm seeing higher taxes. I think these are coming and they're coming very, very soon. And then my last point really is around this fourth turning cycle which I've talked on a lot. What we are seeing isn't just conventional warfare. We're seeing military conflict of course but we're not just seeing conventional warfare like Russia Ukraine like you know what we saw with India Pakistan just the other day what we've uh seen with the the Middle East conflict as well which I think is going to escalate. I've been talking about Iran for a long time. I think we could see escalation there or in that region. We haven't yet seen China Taiwan situation. But all of these things are going to only get worse as the currencies begin to depreciate uh or depreciate even even further or as the currencies really start to collapse. I don't think it's alarmist to say this by the way. I I genuinely really do believe that we are in nearing the final stage of these fiat currencies. I think they're going to move on to a new system, a central bank digital currency. I think a lot of them are going to be authoritarian in nature. And I just think it's really important to protect yourselves, not just in holding precious metals, but having diversified portfolios. And also just to wrap up here, if you do get the gold and silver programs, which I again I highly recommend, you get 90% off with all the bonuses. It's a no-brainer really. You will also learn how to get gold that can't be confiscated by the government like we saw in April of 1933 with that executive order. So, there's a lot that you can can learn. I really hope you take the programs and I just appreciate all of you as subscribers here. I know we didn't do a walk and talk this week, but hopefully you enjoyed uh just sitting here in my in my property here. Uh and I mean there's so much so many acres here. So much to see. Okay, so this is what you couldn't see behind me. We're using a a stone and clay method of sealing it as opposed to a a liner because it's a lot more natural. And uh I'll show you the rest of the property another day, but it is a huge property here. All right, well that's a wrap today. Thanks for watching. Take care. God bless you. God bless your families. And I'll see you inside the gold and silver investing program. Take care.