[Music] Chemtrails over American skies. Are they part of some secret government program to control the weather or influence the minds of our citizenry? Conspiracy theory or reality? Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. was asked about chemtrails on a recent Dr. Phil show. That is is not happening in my agency. You know, we don't do that. It's it's done. we think by DARPA and a lot of it now is coming out of the jet fuel. Yes. So, you know, those materials are put in jet fuel. We I'm going to do everything in my power to stop it. Joining us with more is geologist Gregory Writ, executive director of the CO2 coalition and author of the book, A Very Convenient Warming: How Modest Warming and More CO2 are benefiting humanity. Greg, it's good to talk with you again. So, what do you make of Secretary Kennedy's thoughts that DARPA, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, is possibly responsible for these chemtrails over the skies of America? Well, first of all, I think RFK ought to stay in his lane, which might be red dye and things like that. Um, and there these are not chemils. They are con trails which is short for condensation trails and they're caused by u jets burning jet fuel and the main main exhaust component uh is primarily water vapor and some carbon dioxide. There's some other things like soot and sulfuric acid and it's very small amounts that come out the jet engines. And so when this water vapor and let's just just for you want for your viewers and listeners to understand u fossil fuels when they are burnt the most the simplest of all the fossil fuels is methane it's CH4 one carbon four hydrogen uh atoms and it combines with oxygen uh and it creates twice as much water vapor molecules as it does CO2 molecules. And so when you're burning jet fuel, uh, this condensation, this this water vapor, bear in mind, these are usually flying at 40,000 30,000 ft. The temperature there is minus is usually less than 40° Fahrenheit below zero. So it's it's super cold. And if the humidity is right, if we have a high humid environment, uh, this will condense very quickly and form these condensation trails behind the jets. And during low water vapor or uh low humidity, uh contrails just do not form. And they they need our stealth uh fighters and bombers need to figure out where they need to be so they don't leave uh these condensation trails behind them because that's a dead ringer. Give you won't be very stealthy if you're leaving a contrail. Well, there's still a lot of theories out there shared in cyerspace as you know that the government's manipulating the weather or people's minds. And in the past, rather than chemtrails, you and I have talked about efforts to control the weather through secretive cloud seating like that done by scientists just outside of San Francisco in Alama, California. Is that still going on? No, that they put they put the kaibos to that right away. People, you know, it has small have smallcale experiments like the one you mentioned, have they occurred? Yeah, but they're it's this is not an ongoing project. According to RFK, they're putting chemicals in the in the jet fuel. It Let me ask you, Gary, if you're the CEO of Delta or Southwest, and you found out anything other than just straight G jet fuel was going in your into your air jet, the jets, you it would be I mean, that's that's a jailable offense. It's junk science. I'm sorry. You're going to have a lot of your people are going to be screaming at me right now. Um but well let's let's talk about some more adjunk science. Another hurricane season starting uh Noah, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicts another above normal season with three to five major hurricanes. And I'm sure many climate scientists and members of the media will tell us this is all because of climate change. Hurricanes are more frequent, more intense. What say you? That's that's simply false. And we can we can look at this. We can tell that uh the hurricanes are definitely not increasing. A slight case be made there've been a slight decline. And we can take uh the best way to measure hurricanes are to measure landfalling hurricanes across North America. And because we know every single landfalling hur hurricanes made landfall uh in North America going back to 1850. And that's because they're so hard to miss. If it makes landfall, we know about it. And we can look at those uh we see a slight decline in landfall in hurricanes. And according to Noah u their top expert a few years ago uh Christopher Land se what a great name for a hurricane expert land sea almost as good as a geologist named Wright Stone. But according to him there might have been a 1% increase in hurricane intensity. Well, let me ask you, Gary. If you're at Naples, Florida, and you get hit by a hurricane, are you going to the 1% increase, are you going to be able to tell the difference between 134 and 135 miles an hour? I don't think so. And so, this is beyond their ability to uh to calculate. And we also, they talk about tornadoes, uh the the biggest ones, the EF3, EF4, EF5 tornadoes. They're the big ones. And again, we have data going back many decades on these and they have definitely been in decline. And there's a lot of discussion why that is. But the fact of the matter is these claims of linkage of increasing and more devastating tornadoes. Just the the the science, the facts, and the data don't don't support that. Plus, there's been a nearly 98% decline in um deaths associated with extreme events and uh that goes back to 1900. Uh so we should celebrate. A lot of that has to do though with better warning systems. You know, there's a there's a hurricane coming and it's going to hit in 3 days. You better get out of there. And people do or that they uh there's a tornado that go to your basement now. So these warning systems are a big advance to help save lives. Uh but we just see no we see actually been there's been a decrease in severe weather related deaths and severe weather extreme weather. Okay. The book is very convenient warming. How modest warming and more CO2 are benefiting humanity. Gregory Wrightstone CO2 coalition executive director. Thanks for sharing your insights and setting us straight today. Thank you.