This is your World War III update. Something is very wrong with this picture. This is a picture of the Crimean Bridge being attempted to be blown up today by the Ukrainians. And now, for some reason, there's radio silence from the pus on everything that has transpired in the last two weeks. From a guy who comments on anything, as our friend Jamal Thomas says over at his YouTube channel, it's very suspicious that there's been radio silence on this particular issue. And I believe that's because it's reaching a real fever pitch. Russia is being backed into a corner and a lot of the pro-Russian analysts are blinded by this optim optimism bias that is distorting their understanding of the situation. to see how serious it actually is. Now, an event which normally would have garnered the attention of global headlines has been relegated to but a footnote in both the mainstream and alternative news media. Surprisingly, that is of course this attack on the Crimean Bridge. Now, this could be perhaps be the consequence of systematic desensitization to this particular theater of conflict over the past three years. And as much as people reference the past as an indicator of what may come in the future, well, nothing bad has happened yet, therefore nothing is going to happen, that is called a logical fallacy. And in fact, the more this culminates, the greater the likelihood that Russia gets backed into a corner and something very bad happens. I'm going to explain today why Russia has no choice but to check NATO in a way which is demonstrable, in a way which is significant and makes a statement. Otherwise, we will be in a full-blown nuclear war with the Russians. And of course, that brings everybody down with it, the Chinese and every other nuclear power. I want you to consider for a moment what has happened in the last two weeks and to a lesser extent the last few months and years with respect to the West's war on Russia. And you'll have a lot of people that love to minimize these things. They love to say, "Well, yeah, but Russia's grinding ahead on the front in this one-dimensional unimaginative grind using artillery and yeah, it's a 10 to1 casualty rate and all the other inflated numbers." And I invite you to consider that a lot of those people are probably operatives. A lot of the people within this discourse in this space, especially ones who have a history and intelligence, you really have to wonder why they're so consistent in their perspective. You really have to wonder who they're still beholden to. And why is it that Vladimir Putin would never meet with these people in a million years? Even Tucker Carlson. And before I get to the main meat of this video, I want to remind people of this. When Vladimir Putin was interviewing Tucker Carlson, he said, "I remember remember when you applied to the CIA because you know Putin, KGB, he knows things about people." That caught Tucker off guard. But what was he really saying there? He's saying that I know you're still a CIA asset. Okay. Once you go there, you don't go back. And I suspect that there's a lot of people in this space that are controlled ops. Now, that's important that I tell you that because the people are saying that all this stuff that's happening to Russia, oh, it's a nothing burger. Russia just has an infinite amount of manpower and material and you know they they have no financial issues whatsoever despite all the sanctions and this uh this stated war to defeat Russia strategically whatever that means. Think about this. In the last two weeks there's been an assassination attempt on Vladimir Putin's helicopter attacking a significant portion of one leg of their nuclear triad. Was it seven planes? Was it 10? Was it 17? Was it 41? It doesn't matter. Any one of these data points historically, like if we were in the Cold War and the Russians had a nuclear bomber, it we probably wouldn't be here making videos and broadcasting it on the internet. Right now, we're talking about the decimation of their nuclear triad. And that compounds, of course, on previous attacks, attacks on their over the horizon nuclear radars, attacks on nuclear power plants, the attack on the Crimean bridge today and previously, these critical uh points of infrastructure, these infrastructural nodes that are essential for Russian logistics to fuel the warfront. We have attacks on civilian infrastructure, terrorist attacks. Remember the Crocus shooting? uh how they tied that to the Iranians. Well, this is all, you know, when you understand how deeply the impendes of the CIA run deep into Russia, you know that this is all connected and the White House will never admit that they're behind this. And the Russians will probably roll with that because they have to save face, right? And they know that if it was true that Trump knew that all this stuff was happening, they would have to hit NATO. Otherwise, they know what's going to happen. Their fate is going to be exactly like Hezbollah. And all of these guys right now who are out here, analysts, talking about how it's no big deal that all the I'm about to tell you has occurred. Well, they're the same people when they started bombing Lebanon. Ah, it's no big deal. They got 200,000 missiles, right? And they're Yeah. See, there here's some videos of them blowing up a tank here and you know a little installation on the border here. And don't worry, they're going to use it someday. And then they started taking out the high-ranking officials, right? They started nuking them one by one. Not nuking, but you know, taking them out one by one, assassinating. And then they started uh they did the pager attack. They started the asymmetrical attacks, right? They started hitting the weapons depot, those massive explosions that we seen. And what were these people saying all along? Don't worry about it. It's going to be fine. They're going to, you know, they got these anti-ship missiles. They're going to take out the Israeli Navy and all this stuff is going to happen. They got 200,000, you know, missiles and they're going to hit the Deona nuclear plant and all this stuff is going to happen. Then they take out Nasra. These same people still making excuses. Oh, yeah. And now what's happened? You have the Israelis taking selfies inside uh Hezbollah's bunkers and the other part of the country is, you know, being taken over by the Lebanese military and Hezbollah is essentially, you know, defeated for the most part. And so these exact same people are saying this. Now, the difference with Vladimir Putin is he has nuclear weapons. And so when he's backed into a corner and he has one last move, he's going to use it. Okay? And so there's advisers around Putin who are saying you need to do something now because if you don't do something now, every time you allow something like this to happen, something of greater magnitude happens in the future. And this has been proven time and time again. assassination of their top uh chemical biological CBRN uh general assassination of countless amounts of high-ranking officials and generals and even uh they haven't really so much drifted into politics but there's been some attacks like Alexander Dugan's daughter and other notable figures. You know, we have these acts of sabotage happening more and more frequently. Ukraine is producing twice the amount of drones as they used to, and they're going to double that next month. So, what do you think is going to happen when Russia's air defense is exhausted? This is a reality that is coming. Okay? And if Ukraine can wage this asymmetrical warfare and cause chaos, that's going to cause Russia to declare war. Now, the question is, why hasn't they declared war yet? I think there's a red line that we don't see. There's a reason why Zillinsky is still walking around. And I've heard all the arguments. I mean, there's a long list of reasons as to why they want to keep Zalinsky alive from well, you know, they don't want to create a power vacuum. They don't want to become an even greater pariah. Uh it's better the devil, you know, etc., etc., etc. But there's a red line because Ukraine is a de facto state. They got the same F-16 uh hardware and and uh what do you call it? Um what was the most recent story in relation to the software and the uplinks and stuff that are being utilized to commandeer operations are now interoperable with NATO. So an increasingly higher level of interoperability with NATO. They're a deacto NATO state. So there's a red line that we don't see, right? Which is why Putin has been tiptoeing around that red line, knowing full well that on the back channels, somebody is saying, "If you go after Lzinski, we're going to nuke you or we're going to start a nuclear war." Putin is surrounded by the United States uh aviational aspect of their nuclear triad and of course the submarines which are somewhere out there. But the US has a far more formidable aviational component of their nuclear triad and it's right on Russia's borders. And so it's in their interest to scrap the START treaty that says you have to have the bombers exposed because they have more bombers. They have a bigger air force. They're specifically designing and fasttracking the production of these new tactical nuclear weapons which you know compared to what's out there are not the greatest. these dial yield B61 gravity bombs and they're gravity bombs. So, you got to get pretty close, you know, the revision of the nuclear doctrines and and all of the other stuff. But Russia has to keep all this stuff in mind. And if anybody is trying to tell you that this is a nothing burger and don't worry because the Russians are grinding away at a snail-like pace increasingly faster and yes indeed, they're amassing forces for a major offensive. But then you have the constant lingering threats. Well, we're going to put troops in if Ukraine starts to collapse. What? So, you mean you're saying that NATO is going to fight the Russians if the front lines collapse? Why? It must be that Ukraine is already a de facto NATO state. So, all of these arguments, these talking points that they throw out there for people to debate are usually just distractions. Is Ukraine going to be a NATO or not? It's, you know, it's performative. Putin doesn't fall for this right? Which is the same reason why he won't entertain anybody beyond Tucker Carlson. He'll never shake Scott Ritter's hand. Uh he'll never, you know, because they know he'll let him go and pal around with Yam Raman Kadir off and his Cyber Truck, which is being surveiled by Starlink from space. But, you know, they're not going to let these guys get close to him because they're fully aware of what's going on. They know how the game is played. You got to keep your enemies close, right? Okay. Attacks on nuclear power plants. They invaded the country in Kursk. I thought that was it. I thought we're going to see something. We're going to see them attack NATO because you have NATO troops inside the Kursed region, taking selfies, speaking English, speaking all kinds of European languages, provocative statements towards Russia, veiled threats by Donald Trump himself just days before all this  popped off. We have the largest aerial exchanges of drones and missiles ever. You know, even World War II, never seen anything on this scale that we are seeing being fired to and into Ukraine. We are seeing a war on the shadow fleet in the Baltics. Threats of a 500% tariff to be imposed on anybody who buys Russian oil. Okay, we have this surveillance in the Black Sea of this particular incident on the Kirch Bridge, which albeit not successful, could have been and could very well be the first leg because I'm hearing on a lot of uh Ukrainian SBU channels that they're going to continue to up the ante with these attacks because Trump ain't saying nothing. They have a green light. They have the raw earth, the rare earth deal, right? So, I mean, this you got this big spending bill today. Who knows what's really in that, right? What what's really coming down the pike for this? If Trump and Putin go at it, that's always been my worst fear because at least with Biden, I'm not saying they're better and and look, it's not even about Biden or Trump. It's about who surrounds them. There's a more methodical approach and there's a throw caution to the wind, go balls to the wall approach. And that's what you're going to see with Donald Trump. Okay? And so countless acts of sabotage, constant attacks on Moscow, the civilian bridge and the train that went down, civilian, who knows? you know, the attacks on oil and gas infrastructure have subsided and that actually is something positive. But you still have those attacks on the weapons depot, those massive apocalyptic explosions that we've been seeing. But I will say that the lack of attacks on oil and gas infrastructure either means that Russia has made it uh indomitable, impenetrable in terms of their air defense and they've reallocated that to that region or there is some sort of back channel deal that Ukraine can't target these oil and gas facilities which I don't think is necessarily the case because they're still trying to crash the Russian economy by bringing down the price of oil which is why Trump went to Saudi Arabia. to convince the Saudis to increase output to force the Russia's hand at OPEC and say we're going to, you know, open the spigots and produce more so that we can crash the price of oil. You take out the Russian economy, not entirely, but of course they are no longer wired into Europe with natural gas. So they have to do LNG with a shadow fleet to circumvent this the uh sanctions. And you can say that well the Russians can sell all their gas and oil to China but the infrastructure isn't built yet. The returns on that investment are not going to be realized for many many years into the future. So yeah, there's a full-on war against Russia happening. And Putin right now, I mean, I don't know how this guy is keeping a straight face. If he prevails in this conflict, they're going to he's going to be in the history books as one of the greatest leaders in human history if he can prevail against this multi-pronged onslaught that is being brought against him by NATO. And that is not a value judgment. That's not me saying Putin is a good guy. That's just me saying that he is masterful in his state craft such that despite all of the provocations, he was able to keep his cool and stick to the prime directive and not be derailed in his process. NATO is mobilizing. Unconventional training methods are being practiced with respect to the distribution of their aviational capability throughout Europe. Taking off from highways, putting these F-35s in Norwegian bunkers. We have the biggest nuclear war exercises since the Cold War. Steadfast defender, the mobilization in around Kinenrat. We have NATO telling people to prepare bugout bags in a very irreverent sort of jcular fashion to try to minimize the panic and all of this is all pointing towards and that's not counting what's going on with Iran and China. Okay, the posturing there is thick as well. So this is bad and anybody saying that this is a nothing burger and that this is a no big deal eventually we are going to see. Now Putin is in a tough spot because if he does something then all of a sudden he's the bad guy and he has to bank on the fact that he's built up enough political capital particularly with the global south. China knows the US is full of  China knows the west can't be trusted and Canada and you know and our leadership not us as individual people. We're just you know kind of minding our own business watching this stuff. But I suppose there is an argument to be made that we are tacitly approving it by not speaking out against it. Anyways, nonetheless, Putin knows that any uh any major retaliatory response has to be also very measured so not to be used for propag propagandistic purposes to mobilize the west more and paint Russia as a greater pariah than they perhaps are. So if Russia does use a nuke, then what does that mean? Okay, that shows them that shows NATO that they mean business. But analysts like Sergey Karagenov have said, "No, it's not enough that you test a nuclear weapon in the nether regions of uh Siberia or the Arctic Circle. It's not enough. You need to use it on the battlefield because all you're going to do then is beget more nuclear testing and nuclear proliferation and that all that is going to do is incentivize the west to you know uh start enhancing their nuclear forces and weaponizing and mobilizing for war even more than they are. And that's what the West is looking for. They're looking for a flashbulb event that they can rally people around the flag. And so Putin doesn't want to give them that, but he's being left with no choice. So he is tasked right now and there's a lot of asymmetrical tools that he can use to perhaps be a deterrent without providing the West the flashbulb event they need. And that could come in the form of a cyber attack that maybe couldn't be directly pinned on the Russians. But it would have to be substantial enough that it caused NATO to back off and stop attacking the nuclear triad. Because what is next? We have to ask ourselves, okay, now they've attacked the nuclear bombers. What comes after that? Attacking highranking officials, assassinating. Well, we've already kind of seen that. What comes next? uh sabotaging Russia's uh land-based nuclear missiles, sabotaging their naval nuclear assets, many of which are docked at any given time. Not all, but many of which are. So, we're getting into or even the radars themselves, even the the air defense themselves. So, Russia is running out of options is what I'm saying. And the situation is getting worse and worse by the day. And this has to come to a head at some point. And now that there's no offramps, you see, Putin was waiting for Trump. He knew that, you know, he didn't believe at all that Trump was going to come and fix things. He's not naive. Uh, but I think he also figured that he could maybe postpone day X a little bit longer if he could kind of court Trump in such a way that that drew it out and could postpone the disagreement, the inevitable disagreement that had to happen that finally did happen and basically is now we're at an impass where even the Istanbul pantomime diplomacy is failing. miserably in fact and it's not even worth dignifying at this point. So bad things are about to happen and anybody who is minimizing this I would question not necessarily uh who where their allegiances lie always. It might just be that they're tactically proficient. They're operationally proficient at breaking down the minutia of a battlefield in an eloquent fashion with that uh intelligence analyst like nomenclature which is usually very informative. Don't get me wrong, many of these people I've learned a lot, but strategically, geostrategically, the big picture stuff, it's like, how can you think that? And just based on history alone, many of these guys are historians. So, you know, even if they agreed to the deal, we're going to break the deal, right? I mean, that's what we always do. Whether it's Minsk or the deal with the Iraqis, the same outcome is going to happen next time. We know all this. So while they call attention to the risks of nuclear escalation, uh they seem to fall short in some respects. And I'm not sure if that's just the the protocol-based thinking. They're like cognitive misers when it comes to to analyzing things and that comes from military inculcation, I think. Whereas, you know, true analytical thinkers are kind of open to these uh uh possibilities that aren't readily apparent because, you know, when you're in the military, this happens, then this happens. This happens, then okay, you have a solution for that. There's a protocol for everything. And when there's not a protocol for something, you just stop thinking. A lot of these guys just stop thinking. It's just like, well, I don't know. Well, look, this is taking its toll on Russia. Regardless of what people might say, this absolutely is eventually going to take its toll. Now, this is not to say that, you know, the Russians aren't going to conduct a massive successful campaign in the summer when we don't know the details of it, but allegedly there's a big thing being planned with a quarter million troops. It very well could be a success. And this is all pirick victories. But these are not pirick victories. These need to be understood for what they are. Massive escalations. And if we are being kept in the dark about how serious this situation actually is. To me, that's a terrifying thought because we know we can just infer that they're not going to tell us when things are going to get bad because they don't want to start a panic and they don't have the means. They don't have the, you know, adaptive capacity to deal with the masses in an emergency situation. They, the government, of course, I'm talking about. So, they're always going to downplay this stuff. Well, my fear is what if this situation is far worse than we're being told, guys. Like, what if all of these political nicities being exchanged between Trump and Putin, it's just pure theater, right? Pure theater. When they got off those phone calls, they just, you know, the real person comes out. Trump in the Oval Office, Putin in the Kremlin. And what if it's far worse than we think is what I'm saying. And for all we know, yes, people talk about how the Bidens and you know, people get too attached to these political figures. And this is why I don't really I I I don't criticize Trump. I don't focus on Trump so much. I only do because it's an anchor point for a lot of people to understand this stuff. And if you don't, if they don't understand that the the real deep state permeations probably lie in central intelligence and the deeper economic forces, powers, corporate powers, multinational powers that govern uh US interests and how foreign policy is dictated. But that's, you know, it's easier to just say Trump, right? So, I don't view these things on one-dimensionally. And I'm glad I've been able to curate this audience to understand that at this point because I'm getting tired of explaining myself. You guys know where I stand. I want the truth so I can help myself and you prepare your families by being ahead of the information curve. Now, there was another interesting story that came out today that is unrelated to Russia and Ukraine. Let me just make sure I've covered this. Okay, just quickly also the Iranian situation, it's bad. White House Iran will face serious consequences if it rejects Witoff's uh proposal. The Iranian president has said Tyran will not yield to US pressure to dismantle its nuclear program. We don't know what's happening here. Uh are they both just playing tough and on the back channels they're really striking a deal? I doubt it based on what we know. Zalinsk's language is getting increasingly aggressive. I don't think I've heard him say use this type of uh terminology before. Slee bags. Right now in the Sunumi region, doctors are providing all kinds of necessary assistance to the wounded by a Russian strike. The Russian struck uh right on the street hitting ordinary residential buildings sleas bags. So, you know, he is doing these brazen attacks. And just a couple months ago, he was, you know, everybody thought that was it. It was over. I knew it wasn't over. It was just  you know, in the Oval Office that the deals were made and you know, but you know, a lot of people really thought it was over. Now look at him. It's a whole different guy, isn't it? Okay, I just want to talk about this last story. Oh, and this is how you know shit's going to hit the fan. World War II will never happen. I'm very bullish on the human Jim Kramer. He loves reverse Kramer. If you don't know what reverse Kramer is, basically anything Jim Kramer says, the opposite comes true. I don't think it's entirely true, but it's it's kind of a fun meme. I think he just does this to troll people. Like, if we look at his face, you got to love Jim Kramer. Either way, even if he's wrong half the time. Okay, this is interesting. You ever seen the movie Interstellar with a blight? Well, sometimes I feel with these forest fires that we're already into that phase and you know it's not going to be long until you know if they don't crack gravity and Elon doesn't get us to Mars, we're going to be screwed. But we all know that that's just cover for the weaponization of space. But uh I digress. Chinese nationals charged with conspiracy and smuggling a dangerous biological pathogen into the US for their work at University of Michigan laboratory. Now, this story is probably being spun specifically by Fox News. I imagine I think they were legitimately going to research this pathogen. However, part of the problem is is that there is another asymmetrical component to warfare that a lot of people don't think about. I did a in-depth breakdown on asymmetrical warfare. It was I don't know like 25 minutes long. Talked about 30 different types. One of which was using forest fires as a weapon. Uh just FYI because countries can use forest fires as a weapon. It's a very you know I mean if okay you we're not going to get into space lasers. We're not doing that because there's a lot of conflicting science about that and I've had experts on that said it's not possible at least at this point in time. People who've done rocket science for years. Okay. But um the other type of asymmetrical warfare not a lot of thing people think of biological warfare but it doesn't just pertain to humans it also pertains to plants and destroying your food supply. So in this particular case, Fuzerium grammanum and and egro security with the United States. Two Chinese nationals, one tied to the University of Michigan were arrested for smuggling fuzzerium grammanium into the US. This is potential agot terrorism with serious national security risks. Fungus causing the word that I'm not going to say again affects wheat, barley, maize, and rice. produces toxic micotoxins. Micotoxins. I've watched The Last of Us. Well, up until recently when the show just kind of had me lose interest for reasons I won't get into. I should know this because there's a lot of micology going on in that show. Anyways, it's harmful to humans and animals. Causes multi-billion dollar crop losses globally. Academic front ops. Now, they're going to say, "Well, we were testing it so we could find a cure, right?" The same thing with Wuhan and blah blah blah. So how this could be weaponized, you could use the research institutions to gather data and test strains. Then you could do spore release during key growing periods to your adversaries yields. This of course would cause major supply chain shocks. So no matter how you slice it, we  That's why you got to prep. Go to canadianpreparedness.com if you want to support the channel. See on the flip