The hope of Israel is not just the land itself. Yes, we think well before you know in the late 1800 we thought okay our hope is to come back to the land but it's way beyond it. It's related to the Jews returning to the land but it's much more than that. And 2,000 years ago an Orthodox Jew who found the way, the truth, and the life, he tried to explain to his own fellow Jews that the Messiah is the hope of Israel. This man was willing to be in chains, tried, and even die for the sake of this hope. This man's name was Saul from Tarsus. We all know him as Paul. And 2,000 years later, unfortunately, I tried to convey the same message. And I've got a problem. I've got a problem because my Messiah was taken and was gentized, westernized, packed with w with with with religious and pagan package and now serving probably the wills of so many people around the world, but it's so foreign and distant from my own people. And if you ever want to reach out to a Jewish person and to tell him about the hope, the real hope, the only hope that this nation has, start with his name and tell him, tell him that that name Yeshua is not foreign to the Jewish Old Testament. It's actually already in the Old Testament in the book of Ezra. This name Yeshua, that was the name of the first person chosen to be the high priest for the reconstruction of the temple following the Babylonian captivity. The name Yeshua is not a newly surface name by the time we get to the New Testament. They need to understand it's an existing it's an old it's a Jewish name already in their Old Testament. And it's interesting because there is a reason why he was named that way. And the Jew should know about it because it is related to his own language. In Matthew 1:21, you can clearly see in the English. And he will bring forth a son. She will bring forth a son, and you shall call his name what? Yes, Jesus. Because you follow the Greek Yesus. But if you really go to the Hebrew, it says Yeshua. Why? because he Yeshua he will save them from their sins. It's the same word Yeshua salvation. That is the reason he was named that way.