This is your World War III update, the first of its kind on the Prepper News Channel. Welcome. Thank you for subscribing. If you're new to this channel, this is a spin-off of the Canadian Prepper YouTube channel where we focus on all things practical preparedness. Here on this channel, we're going to be dabbling with the scatological aspect of things with the intel report, situational updates, all things disaster and geopolitics related. We're going to do daily updates, sometimes multiple updates per day, live updates, interviews with high-profile guests and experts from around the world who are going to cut through the mainstream media and try to get you the truth. We're going to see how long they let us do this stuff. All right? We try to keep it real. And you know what that means this day and age. So, I want to talk about three major stories today. Number one, the supposed rift that is developing between the Pentagon and the Israeli military. Is it real or is it a ruse? Those of you who know me well know exactly what I'm about to say. But for anybody who doesn't, just understand this simple, cardinal, immutable truth about geopolitics. Where the weapons go, so does the truth flow. All you need to know about geopolitics 99% about is not about show me the money. It's about show me the weapons. Okay? Where the weapons are flowing will tell you everything you need to know about what the real agenda actually is. And to the best of my knowledge, having received their 800th shipment of weapons that continue to come on a daily basis just yesterday, it appears as though Israel is still being completely 100% enabled to engage in a full-on conflict within the region directly in fact with the Iranians. Now the second story pertains to Germany and Russia. There is a increasing amount of hostility and tension in the air between these two nations and it looks like we might see a rerun of World War II. It appears as though the Taus missile system is a major point of contention with the Russians and possibly even a red line. Germany has recently been the one who stated and the United States have not rebuked this notion that all restrictions on the use of NATO weaponry have been lifted on Ukraine. falling short of officially declaring that they are providing the Ukrainians with missile systems. They have declared that they're going to help Ukraine construct their own long range missile systems which are actually capable of ranges that far exceed the Taurus missile. In some cases, we're talking about 2,000 kilometers. Now, the Ukrainians already have drones that can travel over a thousand miles and have hit targets that far into Russia. But, of course, this is more significant because these missiles will be more capable. They'll carry a heavier payload. They'll be more precise, and they'll be able to uh potentially bypass Russian air defenses even more. Now the Russians have uh threatened that if this happens that there may be in fact a direct strike on NATO assets be it Brussels or targets within Germany where said missiles are manufactured. So as a loophole, the Germans are trying to go around this particular issue by empowering and enabling the Ukrainians in their own country to construct these missile systems that will be used against Russia. There are rumors and I should say there's a lot of rumor right now that is suggesting that Russia has been heavily targeting these facilities where these missile systems have been constructed. And that's what all the fuss was about over the last week where we saw the biggest ever exchanges since the start of the war. Now, the third issue I want to talk about today and perhaps the most important uh as it pertains to World War II is an alleged leak. Not an alleged, it is a confirmed leak of blueprints of Russia's secret nuclear bases that were leaked online. Now what has happened is that there were 2 million documents that expose Russia's nuclear program and we're going to talk about the details that were actually exposed and this was revealed by Dash Spiegel which is a German news agency which was able to get a hold of this information by accessing by proxy utilizing servers in Kazakhstan, Bellarus and Russia. Now, how they were able to access this information wasn't through a hack. In fact, this information was being made publicly available on an online Russian procurement database that they used in order to basically catalog uh a lot of the information and transactions and tenders related to the construction of these top secret nuclear facilities. Now you can understand why such a bureaucratic oversight could have major major uh defensive problem. It's very problematic from a Russian strategic point of view because of course this exposes a major vulnerability and it could potentially give NATO an advantage should it come to a full-on war with Russia to have this information leaked. Now the question is however is was this an intentional leak put there in order to be gobbled up by western intelligence agencies and news agencies for that matter or because this is something which apparently has been historically precedented in the past. The Russians have done this very thing where they leak misleading information to kind of throw NATO off the scent. they've done that before or was this purely bureaucratic mismanagement and oversight? We're going to try to get to the bottom of the case today and just deliberate exactly uh on the basis of the facts of the story what is going on here. So, as indicated, sensitive nuclear-based documents, including blueprints, security details, detailed plans of missile silos, bunkers, tunnels, weapons lockers, signage, and security layouts were all exposed, including 3D renderings of these facilities, interactive flythroughs of the Yznney base showing silos and watchtowers, crosssections of the watchtowers. Uh comparing these to blueprints to 3D models, security systems, sensors, electronic fences, machine gun turrets, power grids, and IT configurations. That of course would have grave implications for Russia's cyber security infrastructure. If true, we also seen images of Yasn's 621st and 368th missile regiments. the 2018 Avon guard uh missiles as well uh sorry missile launch photos. So there was a lot of information that was leaked with respect to the architectural plans of these facilities uh the internal layouts of said facil facilities and information regarding the avanguard nuclear program. Now the question becomes knowing that Russia is already in a very disadvantageous situation when it comes to full-blown nuclear war. And this is because NATO has effectively surrounded Russia. And while Russia still has a lot of allies, all of these drone strikes that have penetrated deep inside Russia are creating a virtual mapping system. I don't doubt leveraging artificial intelligence through the American corporation Palunteer which in combination with uh technologies like Starlink which Russia has threatened to attack uh are creating a a 3D render of Russia's missile defense capabilities. Now of course missile defense is fluid. uh these are not uh these are mobile platforms and Russia moves these platforms around so it's not a static environment but the more data that these Ukrainian drone strikes are able to collect and relay back to NATO increases the disadvantage that Russia has because of course Russia does not have an equivalent data set with the exception of what has been learned from Ukraine that they can apply to Europe as a whole. While they do have some ISR collecting capabilities, and while there has been even acts of uh espionage and sabotage and drones flying over sensitive facilities inside NATO countries, the amount of data that's being collected by Ukraine and now NATO weapon systems that are being of course guided by NATO satellites is immense. And with this increased knowledge of Russia's nuclear bunker infrastructure that could potentially uh provide NATO with an edge that Russia simply does not have, not only for their ability to effectively neutralize these types of facilities. Whether the jury is still out as whether that's even possible even if they have this information because let's get real. If you're talking about a base which is 500 m below granite in a mountain somewhere, there really isn't a whole lot that you can do that's going to necessarily put a dent in that no matter how many nukes you throw at it. So, it's all fine that you have the layout of said facilities and maybe that might be beneficial for a direct sabotage attack. uh you still likely are not going to gain much from this in terms of and perhaps you guys maybe have some ideas on this. I haven't given it too much thought, but I don't think that the specifics of the inards of a bunker are really going to be uh necessarily damning for the Russians to have uh given up that information. In fact, as it turns out, a lot of the contracts that of the various devices and designs that were used inside Russian nuclear bunkers originated from European subsidiary companies. So, you have these big corporations in Europe. They have their subsidiaries who were contracted to do work or purchase products that were in these bases. So, you know, it's difficult to say what the impact of this is going to be. The Russians are being quite tight-lipped about it. Now, the question is is was this intentionally leaked as a form of subtrafuge and misdirection? Now, there are a few arguments to support that hypothesis. Number one, Russia has done this in the past. There was a controlled avon guard reveal in the past which was used for the purpose of deterrence in order to you know make it like oopsie oh I dropped my giant gun on the ground you better not mess with me type thing right so it signals nuclear strength and you know you do that in a way which is seemingly accidental so it doesn't seem like you're flexing at the same time, right? This could also be used uh of course for misdirection just to provide false data to mislead people. Maybe the bunkers aren't even in that place. Maybe the real bunkers that they're building or have built are in places far uh removed from those locations. So perhaps the the purpose of these leaks was to get NATO to focus on these facilities and concentrate their firepower in the case of a full-blown nuclear exchange on those facilities to take attention away from the real facilities that are somewhere else entirely. Uh some people say that this might actually boost Putin's image and may in fact target internal rivals. I'm not sure if a leak of this magnitude, especially if if it's perceived to be bureaucratic incompetency, knowing how many times Russia has dropped the ball already in the conflict with Ukraine, I don't think it would go over well with the domestic population to know that the top brass is securing a place for itself in the apocalypse uh Moscow subway station or not. and the emphasis on uh emergency preparedness uh that is encouraged by the Russian government or not, I don't think it would sit too well with uh people in Russia knowing that their government were going to such great lengths to protect themsel in a case of nuclear war and uh not going to the same extent for the average person, even though the Russian government goes way further than they do here in Canada or the United States. That's for sure. Now, the arguments against this being a intentional leak are quite obvious. This is 2 million documents with too sensitive of details going right down to the layouts and of course implicating European countries. So, this is very falsifiable information. If somebody wanted to, they could go and fact check and confirm whether or not this was true. The question is though, you know, if Dash Spiegel has this information, obviously Western intelligence has this information, is it now moot? Is it now just obsolete, redundant information? And what I mean by that is if this was really highly sensitive information, that's the equivalent of like a zero day in cyber security. You don't want to use that unless you really have to. So, I'm guessing that this information being released to the public right now probably means that it's real uh military intelligence purpose has probably been exhausted. And this is more of a a propaganda uh exercise or psychological operation uh because clearly they would not have revealed that they know this information unless the Russians obviously know that they  the bed and then I guess it wouldn't matter if Western media called attention to it at that point. But it definitely indicates a certain level of bureaucratic negligence on the part of the Russians that I don't think will sit well and be something which is celebrated by the Russian people. Obviously, this is going to be embarrassing for Russia. And I believe that there were some uh leaks within these documents that details plans for going to war with China potentially. So there seems to be this attempt there although it seems tenuous at best to try to you know separate or create some sort of wedge between this growing um uh unity between China and Russia. So the key point to take away from this story is that they these leaks are revealing Russia's major nuclear upgrades and they also expose a lot of vulnerabilities which could potentially then uh contributes or be an enticing proposition for war planners who are wanting to go allin on a first nuclear strike. strike. The more information like this that is leaked, the more Russia it has its back up against the wall. And now that the mask has come off with the Trump administration and again the weapons continued to flow, the ISR continues to flow and now Trump all he had to do was really walk away from it and things probably would have been fine. uh not fine. I mean it we still would have been in a crazy situation, but he could have walked away from it and deescalated the situation and put it back a few years before it escalated. But we appear to be on the exact same trajectory and and in fact even moving faster in a lot of ways because of course now uh the Germans and the French and Europe in general as a whole is becoming increasingly more uh belligerent and hostile towards the Russians. So uh this is uh every time something like this happens every time uh Russia is put on the back foot while it might be a win for the west it actually increases the likelihood that Russia's options will be diminished and increases their sensitivity of their nuclear finger finger jeez trigger finger and I don't have a teleprompter here guys uh I'm just winging this But it increases the likeliness that if they're more sensitive from a defcon point of view and they know that they're at a greater disadvantage, then it increases the likelihood that they will in fact do a preemptive strike if they suspect that they're about to get nuked. Okay, so that's why this is so problematic. Now what the consequences of such a thing could possibly be according to you know uh numerous analysts is that Russia may now be forced to rebuild or reinforce sites if this information is true and if the information is not just you know superficial in nature or if it's fundamental to Russia's national security like are there secret entrance ways or you know is there a secret sort of uh vulnerability ility within the bunker complex that if you target it, you know, I is that going to fundamentally uh impact their ability to to mitigate a nuclear exchange. Uh it's going to force them to harden cyber security. It's for gonna force them to accelerate their deterrence posturing and it's going to likely lead to a major internal crackdown on whoever were the ones who caused this to happen. Right? So this is a def definitely uh if we take it for what it is on the surface, this is a major intelligence windfall for the West. It puts us in a very advantageous position which only increases the likelihood that we'll do something stupid like initiate a nuclear war with Russia or increases the likelihood that we're going to continue to arm Ukraine under the assumption that Russia is weaker. So that is the main uh uh story for the day that I wanted to talk about. Once again, bringing us closer, not further from the brink, unfortunately. I wanted to uh talk about something that I'm going to try to get this guy on the channel. He's fairly pro-Russian in his explanation of things, and I really want to try to get a broad spectrum of opinions on this channel. Well, I know the first two guests that I've had on the channel, Brian Berletk, a former US Marine, uh, rather critical of US foreign policy. We had Professor Mirandi on uh, just today or yesterday whenever I decide to release this video and he's coming at things from a very pro-Iranian point of view. I do want to get those other points of view on here, but what I often find is that there's such bellacosity and a a lack of deference to the other side and a certainty a and just absolute uh conviction which is not open-minded at all. Now, that's good to get both sides of the story, but there also it also needs to be backed with rational arguments. And I often find that we're increasingly lacking on our side of the fence of this equation, us being the West, in terms of our explanation. Now, at the end of the day, let's face it, all moral arguments aside, might makes right. And that is just a cold hard fact of our existence. He who has the guns makes the rules. As Trump says, he who has the gold makes the rules. That's just the fact, Jack. So, you know, we can debate the moral aspect of these things, but what's often disingenuous about people who, you know, are arguing for the Ukraine war or for the subjugation of the people in the Gaza Strip is they always try to make these moral arguments for their case when they can't win a lot of those arguments. just say that you got the upper hand mil militarily, so that's why you're doing what you're doing. If they would just come out and be an RAN objectivist about it, then you know, we can debate that, right? But so long as they try to have this sanctimonious uh tone to their arguments, then it just comes off as very disingenuous and it doesn't really make for a particularly interesting and thought-provoking conversation. So, but if there's guests who you think that I should try to get on the channel, then you know, bring them on because I also don't want to be perceived to be a mouthpiece for I just for lack of better terms, catch all terms, the east, okay, the eastern point of view. I want to have a balanced even keeled uh discourse on this channel. Now a claim by Andre Martianov who is a fairly you know well-known uh geostrategic analyst in the Russia Ukraine war sphere on the side of Russia has indicated has claimed that a German a German taus missile strike on Russia even via Ukrainian forces would trigger a fullscale war. Now, this is not a guy who who tends to be uh so fatalistic and cynical in his view. Uh seldom will he play the nuclear card in his assessments and usually he's quite conservative in his insistence that Russia is winning the war. So, there's never any reason to do that. But what he claims is that Russia would declare an immediate mobilization, activate reserve capacities, calling up potentially 2.5 million people. Mobilization would include equipping, arming, and training reserves, and leveraging pre-trained personnel and ramping up production to full capacity. This would lead to NATO's destruction within 72 hours or less, he claims, with Brussels targeted. Now, of course, he's talking nuclear, and that would prompt a massive retaliatory strike because there's no way the US would allow Europe to be destroyed. At least, I don't think. Okay. Now, if you take the whole George Soros line of thinking where the goal is to get the Europeans to expend their human resources and deplete themselves by, you know, destroying the Russians. let the two fight it out and you go in there and take the spoils after the dust settles. Then maybe that's a thing. Maybe Europe is just being used by the uh prominent figure in that relationship in the transatlantic relationship which is of course the United States in order to fight a war which ultimately will only benefit the United States. I mean look at Nordstream. Look at you know how disadvantaged uh the euro has become. People don't want to buy euros anymore. They don't want to store their gold in Europe anymore. It's not considered an economic safe haven. And that's the only reason why the US dollar really hasn't crashed precipitously is because the euro has lost its appeal and all those people have migrated over to the US dollar. So was there not a war in Europe right now, I guess that the United States dollar would be doing a lot worse in a lot of ways. Now, Germany has pledged to continue its support to Ukraine via Starlink. And just the idea that Starlink is helping attack uh Ukraine to do attacks inside Russia and that Russia hasn't attacked these satellites yet is pretty significant. Especially when you try to connect dots like before the war started, the Russians shot down one of their own satellites. And in hindsight now, I almost wonder was that telegraphing to the United States that we know how this is going to play out. we know that you're going to use Starlink because of course the Russians don't view you know Elon Musk as separate from you know the government and the separation of multinational corporations and uh especially you know ones that are based in the United States and the US themselves you know basically where the the the uh the market where said publicly traded company is traded on is probably, you know, who they're beholden to from a national uh militarily, I should say. So, if a company is on the New York Stock Exchange, there's a good chance that they're beholden to the US government and the Pentagon, of course, Tesla being one of them. So, maybe they shot down their satellite in order to send a message that look, this is a potential outcome. Now, they haven't done that yet. And if they would do that, would that really violate? Okay, it would violate some agreements and the Russians being as jurisprudent as they are would likely, you know, want to do some litigation before it got to that point, you know, backing out of treaties, making it official, making some threats, and they would go up that very incremental escalation ladder that we become accustomed to. Uh but once they did that, of course, that could start a chain reaction of space-based warfare. And knowing now that we're entering the age of the Golden Dome and all the spacebased warfare that that brings, that could potentially open Pandora's box in a variety of ways. uh never mind Kesler syndrome which is the idea that you know these satellites are traveling so fast and debris from uh satellites or warfare that happens in space could quickly snowball and just create this impenetrable force field of debris that would essentially trap us on this planet. So I mean that's a hypothetical situation but and you know interestingly I always make reference to the movie with Sandra Bulock called Gravity because in that movie it was a do and that was some form of you know strange coincidence or maybe predictive programming. Uh, the Russians had also shot down a satellite in that movie, right? So, strange how Hollywood always gets it right, isn't it? That's for all you tinfoil guys out there who waited long enough for that one. Germany will finance Ukrainian cruise missile production. Germany does not limit the use of its weapons and support strikes on Russian territory. So the situation between Germany and their uh taking leadership in the fight against Russia is definitely escalating. Now on the issue of Iran would definitely encourage you to check out our most recent interview with Professor Morandi. But according to Abbas Aragi, who is the Iranian foreign minister, he has the following to say about the so-called positive Iranian peace talk not uh negotiations. The media is speculating about an imminent Iran US deal. Not sure if we are there yet, he says. He doesn't say no, but he's just, you know, trying to basically temper people's expectations. Iran is sincere about a diplomatic solution that will serve the interests of all sides. But getting there requires an agreement that will fully terminate all sanctions. That's huge because Iran is one of the most sanctioned countries on earth. and removing those sanctions would unleash just a economic prosperity in Iran that you know I mean you're talking about people who've been under the boot heel of these sanctions for the longest time incredibly disciplined people with very high IQs the top four I think in global IQ uh people who when you go into the classrooms of their universities. When the professor enters, they stand at attention. Okay? You give those people full access to the global economy. Watch how quickly they develop and become empowered. Does the United States and Israel really benefit from that when they're playing this game of strategic whack-a-ole? So, I can't see that demand ever being met, the removal of all sanctions and upholding their nuclear right to enrichment. I mean, that just seems like a non-starter. Now, there has been some talks that they're willing to, you know, curtail their enrichment to a certain extent that may appease the US negotiators. But the question is for how long? When are they going to change their mind? And of course, all of this could just be to obiscate the reality of the situation that the United States is still sending weapons to Israel and what the US is attempting to do because Trump knows his mega base is not in support of a war for Israel in particular and that the only way they're going to be able to enter into a conflict like at is were were they exculpated from or absolved I guess is is a better term of any sort of responsibility for initiating said conflict. So they need to be able to say, well, we, you know, we had nothing to do with how this was initiated, but now that Israel has taken upon themsel, you know, this unruly teenage civilization that they are, uh, we're going to have to come to their support like any parent who, you know, their teenage kid did something really stupid. Well, they're going to be really disappointed with the teenage kid, but at the end of the day, right, they're going to come to their aid and going to have to assist in the retaliation if Iran attacks Israel. And that will be the only story is Iran attacks Israel, right? In retaliation, too will probably be a footnote uh the way that the media depicts what's about to happen. Another interesting statement was made today by the US Department of Energy. Okay, they made the following tweet. We got to give it a new name because it's not a tweet anymore. The following X just doesn't roll off the tongue, right? AI is the next Manhattan project and the United States will win. Hm. I think I've stated something similar in my videos in the past that AI ultimately could potentially be the last weapon that mankind needs to create. And as such, there is a race to get there by all nations. And this is a tragedy of the commons in that all sides in an attempt to ensure their own security will do things that are potentially detrimental to the entire human race. And that is the tragedy of the commons that we see unfolding not only in the sphere of artificial intelligence in the sphere of uh environment and resource consumption and a variety of other areas as well but particularly there it's very pertinent. So buckle up my friends there are no shortage of disasters to prepare for. If you want to prepare and you want to support this channel, the best way to do that is to go and gear up at canadianpreparedness.com. I may start doing sponsored videos on this channel in that we, you know, get uh sponsored by companies that I think are promoting highquality products and not just trying to rip off their consumers and make a quick buck. I may do that on this channel. I don't do that on the Canadian Prepper channel, although we'll periodically get stuff sent to us to do an honest review. I always, of course, am faced with a conversation by those companies. Hey, we need to review that video before you release it. They want me to sign contracts and I usually always tell them to go f themselves. I'm not doing that. And then they come back and they're like, okay. You know, I usually tell people, look, I don't do hit pieces on the channel unless the the product is just egregiously bad. and really taking people for a ride to the point where it's uh you know destroying lives and potentially putting people's lives at risk then I will do an expose but I usually will just tell companies okay this looks like a great product the specifications check out if it all checks out I'll do a review on the product and you know I'll I'll give it its praises where praises are due and I'll talk about the drawbacks Uh, what I don't do is make dedicated hit pieces. So, if they send me a product and I say, "This really isn't that great." Then I just say, "Hey, this is the the critical feedback I have for you, constructive feedback, and you know, I'm not going to do the video, but uh hopefully you can improve the product, fix these things, and maybe in the future we'll do it." So, if you want practical preparedness advice, go check out the Canadian Prepper YouTube channel. If you're just in for the Citra and the intelligence briefs, then stick around cuz we got a lot coming on this channel. It's summertime. I'm busy on the homestead. I probably picked a really bad time to start doing two channels and trying to upload on both channels every day is going to be a monumental feat. But often times, you know, necessity is the mother of all motivation and invention. So, we're going to do our best to continue to get the information out there that we feel we need to to get you prepared. Stay safe, my friends.