Good Friday morning to you all. We have uh some big updates out here. Watchman reports that are coming in. We have a big egg update that we haven't had to talk about for for a while, but it's coming back. We got some big updates on that. Big callings that have happened just in the past few days. We got tariffs paused and then unpaused and it's sending stock markets up and down in a roller coaster ride. Uh we got Antifa suddenly drawing the attention of the FBI. Its days may be numbered. Uh Madna loss loses a major government contract, a big one. And uh I couldn't be happier about it. We'll see if you guys are happy about it, too. Federal Reserve uh playing uh with the financial system for political agenda. Uh we got um uh we got the beef stakes uh that you're ordering. You need to be watching these things because they're not always what they appear. Uh we have a watchman report on that and the war on cash continues. More watchman reports on a whole bunch of other topics. Let's get into it. Welcome to the Popppler Report. I'm Steve Popppler. I'm an accountant by trade and these are your updates that you guys are sending in from all over. If you have something to share, make sure you use the word update somewhere in your comment. That gets it to the right place. We do want to thank our sponsor Genesis Gold Group. They help people with retirement accounts just like you. If you're tired of your value of your retirement account going up and down and up and down and you want to get into something safe and stable like physical precious metals, well, Jonathan, his team can talk to you about that, explain all the fees, explain everything to you, and you can see if it's a good fit for you and your plan and uh and your future. If you uh want to find out more about that, there'll be a link at the end of the video. All right. So, um, federal court blocked Trump's liberation day tariffs and already an appeals court has blocked the block. So, the tariffs are back temporarily. This is until uh until there is an actual ruling. Uh, so there's a stay on the stay. Um, yeah, it's sending a stock market kind of like up up when they found out tariffs were kind of gone. Uh, but it wasn't super excited partly because u they knew the Trump administration had other ways of doing it. Goldman Sachs came out there and said basically this is a big nothing burger. Uh, even if even if this gets stopped, they're only stopping Trump using certain sections of the code in order to implement the tariffs. uh he can just use other laws, other codes to implement the tariffs. So it's it's not like it's not like the tariffs aren't going to happen. It's just kind of more of a technical pedentry kind of thing. Um so we got that going on. Uh but the big news out there for our audience is going to be eggs. 3.7 million egg layers have been cold the last two weeks. Now, I haven't been watching this like a hawk like I used to because I thought things were going to be different under the Trump administration. Uh, and it seemed like it was. Once we hit February, the cullings were just gone. February, March, April, and then in May. I I still check it occasionally just in case, you know, I just checked it and boom, 2.2 million egg layers called in Arizona. And then a couple days later, 1.5 million egg layers uh cold in Arizona. Just so happens to be in Maricopa County. And if you've uh been around the news at all the last few years, you hear Maripo Maricopa County and you go, isn't that the Democratic stronghold County? Yeah. Yeah. It's like it's like Los Angeles County or San Francisco, whatever county it's in. It's a liberal stronghold in Arizona. Uh it's where all of the Democratic votes come from and um lots of magical ones come fluttering down from the skies. So we got uh this happening in Arizona. Uh and this is apparently a state thing. So it it the federal uh government did not ask them to call uh the state did. So, Arizona asked them to call these uh these birds and that's what happened. And so, now we have 3.7 million egg layers uh gone and that's uh that's a fairly big number. Now, we had some months where we're peing around 10 million birds put down. Uh but this is nothing to sneeze at. Uh this is definitely a big speed bump in the road to recovery on eggs. So, uh you may see some availability issues in Arizona and surrounding uh states. uh out west, you may see some issues uh with prices bouncing back just a little bit. We've been getting a bunch of relief recently. Uh but uh just just be aware of that. I will I will start watching the the reports again. Uh I don't know if this is just like a Democratic state level thing. They're just going to try to kill as many birds as possible to make President Trump look bad uh because they can't stand egg prices coming down, which I wouldn't put it past these people. I really wouldn't. Um they may have a bunch of environmentalists going in there and attacking birds just just because I mean this is this is the kind of stuff that they do. So we'll keep watching for uh farmf fires as well. their mo. Uh Dan Bonino, speaking of MOS, uh the deputy director of the FBI and awesome commentator from uh Rumble as well as Fox News back in the day, right? Former Secret Service agent, but deputy director of the FBI now has said that they have begun investigating Antifa for targeted attacks on Christians in Seattle. There was a a Christian rally over there in Seattle, downtown Seattle, and Antifa showed up to attack and harass elderly and uh just the videos that came out of that. The media of course didn't cover a single lick of it, but the Antifa going out there and the police basically siding with the Antifa people, telling the Christians that were just trying to have a prayer rally, you you can't be here. It's not safe for you to be here. It's like, isn't that why you're here? Like to to make sure that people don't attack other people. But the uh police, downtown Seattle police, their response was, "Well, we wouldn't have to keep you safe if you weren't here, so you should not be here." Anyway, Antifa came out swinging, attacking people, threatening people, harassing people, um, visibly uh, audibly threatening people with video recording and, uh, just a few Antifa members were actually arrested in the altercations. Uh, there should have been a lot more arrests. And the fact that this wasn't just like, oh, a couple people got a little out of hand. Now, this was why Antifa was there in the first place. And they were systemically doing this all the way around. They surrounded the Christians. And this is, and if you've watched the news at all, you know this is Antifa's MMO all the time to provoke and try to uh try to get them to respond so that they can then claim that they're the victims. And then the media will play along. Even if the Antifa were surrounding and attacking somebody, uh if the person fights back in any way, shape, or form, the media is going to be capturing just that moment on camera. Moving over to Washington DC with something almost as infuriating. Um, President Trump met with Jerome Powell and uh told the the Federal Reserve chair that they had made a huge mistake not cutting interest rates, which is basically what we expected from President Trump, right? U Chicago Fed president uh on Thursday then said uh in a speech that if tariffs uh are reduced that they would cut the rates. They really want the tariffs gone because they know that if egg prices come down, President Trump looks good. If President Trump wins the trade wars and actually brings manufacturing back to the United States, they know that there won't ever be another Democrat in office ever again nationwide, right? There'll be like a a tiny little party uh in the House of Representatives and maybe a couple senators. Uh but really what's going to happen is it's going to turn into MAGA MAGA uh and then Republicans uh and they'll be the two main parties in the United States anymore. If President Trump continues to succeed, uh they know that they're in deep trouble because any reasonable person will be like, you know, manufacturing back in the United States is a good idea. Uh, President Trump and his administration have have announced that they will start aggressively, that's their word, aggressively revoking Chinese student visas, especially those uh linked to Chinese Communist Party as well as those who have military ties uh which in most cases is basically the same thing. Uh and then they also um Chinese students that are studying critical um critical uh programs and such like AI basically we don't want Chinese students who are loyal to their motherland uh getting into these research programs and uh potentially passing and not potentially absolutely passing this information back to their uh to their motherland. land. President Trump has u announced that they're cancelling a $766 million Madna contract to fight future pandemics including bird flu. Of course, this is with the uh the DNA altering pokes and just we don't need that. We don't want that, right? Chinese exporters are currently on hold uh because the tariffs are just they don't even know what's happening daytoday. I don't know what's happening. I'm trying to keep you guys up to date on this and it's just things are changing so rapidly. Um it's refreshing but also kind of unnerving. Um I wasn't um on YouTube for the first Trump administration. Uh, so I didn't I didn't have to deal with the news cycle that happened so fast you don't you know you don't even know what's happening half the time. Um, there's whole whole segments of uh, news that I just I don't even cover. I don't even cover cryptocurrencies at all because I don't have time to figure out all that's going on with that ins and outs and of everything. I don't want to misreport on it. Uh but those of you guys who uh are in cryptocurrencies, you of course know uh YouTubers and uh people that really are in the know um and all the stuff that's going on with that. But um uh Blondie says, "Uh Northwest Connecticut big wise steaks. I bought a petite sirloin from uh for the holiday weekend. It cost $12. It looked good in the package, but I opened it and the other side was all hard gristle. We marinated it anyway and cooked it on the grill, but it was uneatable. The whole thing fur furious as heck. Uh have to get it directly from the butcher now. Check both sides, please. Uh just a reminder out there, just companies are cutting corners any way they can these days. Uh heathen, these are couple comments here, aren't they? Uh yesterday t um Tamony Parish uh to um in New Orleans lost electricity for a few hours in Louisiana. Hatchet Jack says, "Uh I bought a Snapper riding mower at Walmart. Uh I have a local bank that limits my uh card purchases to $1,000 a day. Since my card was limited, Walmart would not accept my check either. So, I went home and got 20 $100 bills. Uh, when I returned with cash, the manager examined each bill with a magnifying glass. He took about half an hour. Definitely didn't make me uh feel like a welcome customer. You bring cash, they they will not make you feel like a welcome customer. Uh, you know, and some of these kids that are are starting to work there, they just look at you like they don't know what to do. Heaven forbid you hand them a $2 bill. like they just they just would not know what to do. That was used to be one of my favorite things back in the day. You could confuse the heck out of uh people with a $2 bill. Nowadays, I don't even know that they would recognize a $2 bill as different than other cash because they just haven't seen any cash. Colorado Packrat Prepper says, uh, ordered a gardening book from eBay. It was picked up in Blaine, Washington and three days later is in York, PA in the name Colorado prep. So it went from Blaine, Washington, flew over Colorado and ended up in Pennsylvania. No tracking in between. That was three days ago. No indication when it's going to come back across the Mississippi River to Colorado. No further tracking. Crazy. Baking lady says about Medicare fraud. Once a quarter, we receive uh documents that show all the doctors we have been to, how much they charge, and how many minutes they say uh we were seen by them. Well, I went to one doctor who spent maybe five minutes with me and sent me on my way a few times. My husband was with me and noted that this doctor never even listened to my heart, lungs, or anything. When my uh list came from Medicare, I was furious. He charged me for 25 minutes of office visit. that um that I wasn't even checked out during I called the fraud section of Medicare and nothing. Zippity dooah was done. I of course left that practice and went to another just sick of the fraud and had uh emergency surgery last year. I had doctors walk into my room, say hello and leave, but charge me for a visit. I kid you not. What a scam. And uh this is this is we're not even talking about the fraud that has to do which what what they're cracking down on which is fake people just fake outright stuff. This is the the regular fraud in there. The u charges that get put on Medicare just because uh you know just overcharging on every little thing. Uh, Mystics Mystic Image Arts says, "Uh, I went to my local eye doctor for a yearly contact lens exam and order supplies. The clerk totaled everything up and then pushed the card terminal over. I said, I'm going to pay with cash." He looked over at the other guy and said, "You have to pay with exact change because we don't keep cash." I tilted my head and said, "Hm." Verified the amount and paid him the exact change. It's really weird that doctor's offices don't even keep any cash. Not even a little bit. Not even some change, you know, just some quarters and pennies and nickels and dimes. You think? Nope. Peculiar Optics says, "Today at my uh pain doctor's office, the doctor is pushing DBS stimulation." Just a reminder, we need to be careful about whatever they're recommending, especially if they're recommending it to multiple people. He told me I would uh have to take a psychological evaluation before it could be requested, okay, for a pain medication uh from the insurance company. He gave uh no explanation what it is or why he thinks I need it or anything else, just that he would sign me up for the test. I heard him telling another patient the same thing and making appointments for psychic evals. So, as I sat there and processed the information, my first thought was, "No, the last thing I want is for the health insurance conglomerate to give me a psychiatric evaluation for anything." So, the girl came in and made me u the appointment to make me the appointment. I told her, "No, I don't want an appointment with a psych test because I do not um was not doing anything that requires a psych test to qualify for it." And it sounded sketchy to me. She said, "Okay." And left. I looked it up. um DBS, which stands for deep brain stimulation, but they called it something else. Um, unbelievable. Nope, I am not uh signing up for that. He must think I'm some who just follows orders. That's not how I roll. Uh, not how most the people in this audience rolls, right? Uh, you look things up and you should. You're your own advocates. Jeff says, "Yuto, 10 years ago, I was in asset protection at Wallyworld. People would hide every type of item under inside and behind large heavy items, especially inside trash cans, plastic containers that are stacked. Um, then use an old cashier who would hopefully just not open things up. Also, people say that uh they have four items when they really have five. And now selfch checkckout is a free-for-all, especially with the paid shoppers who are ignored by the Wally World person. They just ignore the paid shoppers standing there. Another one is um having two large carts but only ringing up one cart because the selfch checkckout uh person ignores them for taking so very long. Monthly, I arrested at least one or two employees for thefts of all types. I quit when I was told to stop u stop going after any thefts under $100. Like, how do you know how much they're stealing, right? I mean, you see that they're stealing something. You how how do you know what they're stealing and then try to calculate whether it's $100? That's just absolutely crazy. Uh Christina says, "Southwestern Ohio, our local Dollar General store has a lot of empty shelves. Pet food is just about empty. out of uh five shelves, only the top shelf and the bottom shelf had any food. This is dog and cat food. Sad. And Dr. Holistic Hippie says, "Uh, I received a letter from the Social Security agency that I had failed to pay taxes on $184,000." After I got up off the floor, I went to the local Social Security office and asked them about it. After some time, the lady said, "This can't be right. It says you are 125year-old black male from Atlanta. I laughed. She laughed and the other workers laughed. They did correct the huge error. Uh my social security account um had been somehow hacked. I encourage everyone to keep up to date on uh any and all accounts. Absolutely crazy out there. Friends, uh thanks so much for joining with us. If you want to get some more information from Genesis Gold, there's a link right there on the screen. If you want to check out another video from his channel, there's one right up there. I will see you guys again later. Steve Popppler of the Popular Report out.