Well, friends, it looks like things are starting to go sideways and uh if you're in the stock market, financial markets, it means it's going down bad. Uh we have a halt in the uh the trade war uh truce that has been declared between the United States and China. Uh that looks like it is imploding in real time. We're already seeing some uh tariffs and export restrictions already coming out and it looks like we're going to see a major move in tariffs uh over the weekend potentially. Uh President Trump hinting that today this morning just as the uh market was was opening saying he's not going to be playing Mr. Nice Guy anymore with China. Uh we're going to talk about the violations that China has had already against the uh the truce uh the tariff truce. We're going to talk about what's going to happen next. We're going to talk about how this is going to impact you. We got that and a whole bunch more. Let's get into it. Welcome to the Popppler Report. I'm Steve Popppler. I'm the accountant by trade. And uh these are the things the mainstream media just isn't covering out there. Uh of course in the mainstream media, Trump is always the bad guy. Trump doesn't know what he's doing. Uh well, I'm going to show you that uh he's not acting irrationally at all. He's very much in keeping with the Chinese violating these uh the truths. And why should the United States follow the truth if China isn't? All right, let's get into it. All right, so it's Friday and naturally that means uh President Trump is dropping some bad news on the market uh to let it digest it just in going into the weekend. And so he dropped a truth bomb uh on the truth social uh site basically saying that China has totally violated uh the tariff agreement and that uh that the that he did that agreement in the first place for China, not for the United States. Yeah, arguably it was much much worse for China and China was getting into a very bad place. Uh but it was also hurting the United States too. I mean let's let's be honest there. But basically because China has been cheating on the tariff agreement uh that that the moment of being Mr. Nice Guy, the United States, Trump uh with China is is over. So now what does that mean? Uh does that mean the 145% tariffs are coming back? Uh possibly. Possibly. Right now, we're uh much lower than 145%. Uh right now, it's at a point where um ships are loading up cargo and bringing it across the uh the Pacific Ocean to the United States. Uh because while the tariffs are high, they're not uh you know, impossibly high. Now, ever since uh we had this uh agreement go into effect approximately two weeks ago, what was supposed to happen was the United States and China were supposed to lower their tariffs and China was supposed to open up its um its exports of rare earth minerals not only to the United States but also to Europe. Now these uh some of these minerals are super critical in the production of weapons, smart weapons, uh missiles, guided munitions, stuff that the United States is desperately trying to restock because we spent or some would say wasted so much of it over in Eastern Europe. We've been giving them weapons, weapons, weapons, weapons, weapons. And over in Israel, we've been giving them weapons, weapons, weapons, weapons, weapons. And we're trying to ramp up manufacturing of these weapons. But it turns out that the guidance packages and the the GPS and the internal uh navigation requires rare earth magnets and other minerals that are basically only made in China. and uh while the markets are all working, we can just go out there and buy those minerals relatively, you know, not too expensive and bring them in. Well, China has blocked the exports of those to Europe and to the United States. PE the very same factories that are trying to restock these weapons, trying to rebuild these weapons, can't get the minerals that they need in order to build them, which is an interesting position, isn't it? It's almost like It's almost like that's exactly what they wanted to happen. They want us that we can't build the very missiles and munitions that we need if we get into a shooting war with them. And we're seeing right now that this isn't some sort of trade imbalance. This isn't some sort of trade issue. This is a critical military application that we can't do. So, uh I I know that the Trump administration is is dealing with a lot of this as if it's a game, but when it comes to trade on some of these minerals, it's not a game at all. It is life and death uh to the United States and our allies. And so anyway, China has just absolutely not followed through on that. They were supposed to open up their uh their their warehouses and start shipping those rare earth minerals and they've basically just not done it, which totally violates the agreement. But not only that, if you're like, well that's they're just sort of complying. They're sort of slowballing it. They also one week after the tariff imposition happened, they imposed tariffs on all plastic products from the United States as well as other European countries. The United States getting hit with a 75% tariff on plastic goods. So, here's a plastic pen. If you want to export this to China, uh it's going to get hit with a 75% tariff. brand new tariff that they just put in place like after after the tariff uh dropping after we dropped the tariffs. China is like plastics 75% tariff. Uh does that violate the agreement? Well, absolutely does. Why Why doesn't the United States just hit China with a 75% tariff on everything? Uh cheap plastic goods from China. That sounds like a good tariff right there. cheap metal products from China. Uh we got this this all is rolling out and so uh the United States uh was it just yesterday or a couple days ago hit China with an export ban on critical components to jet engines. Uh these are jet engine components that only are made in the United States. And so therefore, China can't build its jets. It's fighter aircraft. It's bomber aircraft. It's civilian jetliners. Can't build any of that without these critical components from the United States. And so it's tit for tat. You want to block our critical military uh production, we're going to block your critical military production. How about that? And um we're uh that could be what President Trump is referring to. or more likely we're going to see maybe right after market close uh this this Friday we may see a uh a major change in the uh the 45% tariff that we have on China right now uh could go up significantly higher right after uh or we could get a warning that that's about to happen. We could be told it could happen in a number of days. It could go into effect next week, two weeks, something like that. Um, but we've we've heard from the Treasury Secretary um that uh let's see here. Treasury Secretary Bessant says uh that the talks the trade talks with China are quote a bit stalled. So uh trade talks on tariffs are not going the direction that uh that the United States has been requiring. So without that forward progress without the Chinese behaving properly uh combined that means uh this is going to go a different direction. Uh President Trump was saying basically that the reason why uh the tariff relief was uh put in place on China was because China was in as he puts it grave economic danger there was actually civil unrest happening in China and because the United States didn't want to destabilize China just wanted to have some honest heart-to-heart talks on how trade needs to To be fair, uh, President Trump backed off of the harsh tariffs that were being imposed on China. Uh, but has China appreciated that? Has China acted in good faith on that? No. No. China has u has has had a history and a u um has had a long career of taking advantage of the United States. Now, they take advantage of the European Union, too. But the United States has been easy pickings for many years. Uh the European Union uh has u as President Trump said the European Union was formed in order to take advantage of the United States. And that's not exactly 100% true, but it's it's got enough truth in it that you kind of um have to see it. Uh because the negotiations with with Europe are not going well. and and some of the stuff that we're asking for is so not it's not unreasonable in any way, shape, or form. We're asking them to wave certain provisions, certain access to their markets for agricultural products and stuff like that. And you'd say, well, they just have higher standards than the United States. Well, except they're waving those exact same standards for two or three other countries like Turkey can import their produce and their uh and their agricultural products into the European Union uh without having to overcome these these high uh barriers to entry. And so if they can wave it for Turkey, why can't they wave it for the United States? These are legitimate and honest questions there. I mean, why why can they wave it for certain countries, but then they can't wave them for other countries? The simple fact is that they like the situation that they have with the United States right now. They like this superior positioning over the United States and they don't like the idea of giving up this superior position. They have the advantage and it feels good. This allows them to have 4-day work weeks and three-day work weeks, whereas the United States has five day and six day work weeks. And yet, the Europeans are sitting around sipping their their coffees, fancy coffees, whereas we're stuck drinking Starbucks garbage. Sure, Starbucks cups are big, but the coffee is garbage. Anyone who's been to Europe knows exactly what I'm talking about. I backpacked through Spain last year and man, every single little tiny little coffee shop, every single bar as they called it because it's they serve alcohol and they serve coffee and their coffee was better than any coffee you ever have in the United States of America. And it wasn't wasn't expensive at all. You get a nice big, you know, cup of a uh cafe con leche, uh ca coffee with milk, and it was delicious and amazing. And uh I'm not a coffee snob by any means, but if I spend any more time in Europe, I might just become one because the coffee is just way way better. And uh just I I don't fault them for that. They have they have a nice lifestyle going over there in Europe, but quite frankly, it's being subsidized by the United States of America, just like the Canadian uh economy is subsidized by the United States of America. We've been really working our tails off so that we can provide free life insurance, uh, free health insurance and free uh, housing and free all sorts of stuff, free cell phones for people who come into the United States illegally, subsidizing Canada, subsidizing Europe particularly, and uh, building all the roads and all the infrastructure in China for them. uh because we've just uh had these terrible trade deals that have been built. Meanwhile, the United States economy has been devastated from the inside out. The only thing keeping us afloat is the fact that we're printing money, literally. And everyone still seems to be playing that game, at least for the moment. But when people stop accepting US dollars, we're going to see a whole different side of the world because we just don't manufacture nearly as much stuff anymore as we used to. We used to be the economic steel making powerhouse of the world and now we hardly make any steel at all and steel is absolutely necessary for the building of buildings, building of ships, building of roads and bridges and everything else. But we just don't make it anymore. We don't make a lot of stuff anymore. Sure, we pump oil out of the ground still, but that's one of the few things that we still do well at all. We used to have a a large portion of Americans in factories making things. Now, most Americans that are working sit in office buildings or sit at home clicking away on their computers. And dare I say that a lot of these jobs that Americans have, these office jobs, these desk jobs, these online jobs, could be done by somebody in another country or even worse still could be done by automated um AI. Artificial intelligence is coming for a lot of these office jobs, a lot of these computer jobs. If you can do it remotely from the Bahamas, well then an AI computer system anywhere in the world could log onto the internet and basically do your job for you. Now hopefully they can't do everything that you do, but what happens if they could do 50% of what you do? What happens when 50% of your company gets laid off and and those positions are automated or your half of the company gets laid off and the other half the company has to use auto um AI in order to uh to complete the work of two people. That's the situation we're facing. So we need to crack down on China and that's uh that's what President Trump is talking about doing. This is going to impact all of us. If you need cheap stuff, uh, think about your plastic products, think about your metal products, stamped metal. I always think about utensils. Uh, but I, you know, just all the cheap things that you would buy at a Dollar Tree. Those are definitely things you need to stock up on. Soaps, uh, particularly, you need to stock up on soap. uh you need to stock up on um you know like laundry detergents um even glass jars. A lot of these things uh do get manufactured over in China. Um walk through your Walmart. Think homegoods, things that you may need to purchase again in the near future. A lot of things uh in in uh Walmart today are being made in the United States again, but there's still a high proportion of the things in Walmart that are still made overseas. If you need to get stocked up on applesauce, canned fruit, a lot of the stuff gets made over overseas, you might want to h get those things. If you need wax, definitely think about stocking up on that. Um, think go into the pharmacy and and look at your over-the-counter medications. Uh, anything that's just like Tylenols, um, sinus relief, all that kind of stuff. Um, stock up. Stock up on the stuff. Medical bandages, a lot of that stuff is made in China. So, we're probably going to see some major tariffs come into play again in the coming hours. Uh, that's probably not going to be good for the markets. So, President Trump warned us uh he has he's shown a history of doing this, giving us a little bit of a warning, you know, like buy stocks now or you know, China is absolutely totally violating the tariff agreement. That's your warning. Uh if you're in the markets and stuff like that that uh something something's going to be coming our way. Uh we're going to get some news uh shortly that uh we probably will not like. All right, friends. Um that's your warning from me. Uh hopefully you guys are hearing it. Hopefully you guys are getting stocked up and getting ready for it because it looks like another round of the trade war is about to begin, especially with China. All right, friends. If you want to check out another video from his channel, there's one right up there. I'll see you over there or I'll see you guys later. Steve Popppler of the Popppler Report out.