Secretary of Defense Hegsith had a very important press conference this morning and you need to know about it because uh this is a big deal. Basically saying that China uh is about to conquer Taiwan. Saying that the threat against Taiwan is real and could be imminent. Uh that this is a u legitimate uh let's see what his exact quote was. um they're preparing to use military force and that this is credibly preparing. They're credibly preparing. We're going to talk about this. We're going to talk about what's kind of going on over in the Taiwanese straight, the situation over there. And as much as you and I, I've been to Taiwan and they're great folks over there. And uh I I am all about our allies out there protecting themselves and uh knowing that the United States is going to continue to supply them with weaponry and um is going to be out there kudoing them on. But I think we're all kind of thinking about how Taiwan could be drawing us into World War II into a major major force confrontation against China that does the United States even really want to be in? Hey, I don't like how they treat us on trade, but do I want to fight a world war over China is mean? China is on the other side of the planet. So, there is that. All right, friends. There's a lot to talk about. Let's talk about it. Welcome to the Popppler Report. I'm Steve Popppler. I'm an accountant by trade. And these are the things the mainstream media just doesn't want to talk about. Uh they want you to think that everything's stable, everything's fine, and uh just keep buying stocks and make make the economy keep going, keep showing up at work and doing what you're told. Well, China has been rapidly building up its forces uh across the Taiwanese straight. they are moving more and more towards a final confrontation on the Taiwanese question and uh this is seen to be very very clear and it seems like what they're trying to do is they're trying to mass so much forces around Taiwan that the United States finally says okay we can't really match you and quite frankly we don't want to try because we don't want to get into World War II over this. So, they're hoping for a dip a negotiated diplomatic settlement or they're probably looking at a uh shock and all surprise attack. And I've said this before that that they really do have a lot of means and uh uh things at their disposal. And one of the biggest things they have at their disposal is the complacency of the Taiwanese people themselves. Now, I'm I'm sure that the Taiwanese military is pretty vigilant. But the idea that that they are ready for an attack by China tomorrow or next week is really not really true. I I was there uh last year back last April and I walked on the red beaches. They're called red beaches because they are the primary landing zones where China will try to deploy their troops. Now, while they've built up some defenses and they are building some defenses, those beaches do not have obstructions on them, do not have anti-tank or landing craft um metal spikes or anything like that. They're beaches that everybody just goes out to and swims on. They got some sand BMS and stuff like that, but uh they they wouldn't really stop armored vehicles or uh or troops in any shape or form. And really when you get down to it, you can see that what the Taiwanese are thinking is that they will have a lot of warning. They believe that they'll have 30 plus days of warning and that they will be able to get all their obstacles and put them on the beaches uh before the Chinese show up. They believe that their intelligence will give them a warning. They believe that the United States intelligence will give them a warning. They believe that u uh out there that they will uh get uh they will see a lot of Chinese movements, troop movements. They'll see uh they'll see it coming uh before it happens. And I've said again and again, I mean, this is from the people that that wrote The Art of War. I mean, they know about surprise. Like that's kind of their thing. Um, and to think that they're going to just uh telegraph every move that they're going to do, allow the United States to have time to move their uh our aircraft carriers into position to resist uh the Chinese, to get our nuclearpowered submarines over into the area, to get our allies to shake free uh missile batteries to deploy nearby like in Japan uh off the coast of the northern coast of Taiwan there is uh uh uh several Japanese islands. They're kind of behind Taiwan. Uh but if uh uh China is looking to encircle and blockade the island, uh that those islands are going to be critical because their missile uh batteries that are there, but they don't really have that many missile batteries. They don't have many uh anti-ship missile batteries. And then you go down south of Taiwan and you see the uh the Philippines have a have a couple islands that the United States has built uh put some missile batteries onto. And these are going to be absolutely critical in order uh for uh the United States and allies to break up any kind of blockade attempt by China. Now uh any sort of landing operation is going to have a a blockade component to it. So uh the China will have to isolate um Taiwan so that they can then bring their ships in and then they're going to try to gain air superiority over top of Taiwan uh so that their ships can then uh come and do their landings and everything like that. Now, there's a lot of complicated stuff going on with that, but we did just find out that the United States has deployed 500 US soldiers uh to uh Taiwan. And this is this is absolutely uh critical to those of you who are like, I don't care. It's over there. It's not our problem. Well, the 500 US troops on Taiwan and Taiwanese islands uh make it our problem because if they get hurt in any of the ensuing actions, that's going to make um that's going to be a field day for US media. You know, there the only thing that US media like more than Donald Trump for their ratings is a war. They love war. They love war. They get their Pulitzer prizes for going into war zones and putting on their helmets and their jackets and everything like that. They they love it. They got their blue helmets. I mean, pretending like they're part of the UN or something like that. They love war. Uh they loved Iraq. They loved Afghanistan. And the idea that President Trump was pulling us out of Afghanistan really upset the media. uh they they love the fact that they had that opportunity to to get out there and do these uh really cool uh videos and really cool documentaries and stuff like that. On December 31st, just so you know that this is something that's happening, uh December 31st, President Xi said no one can stop China's reunification with Taiwan. and they have been uh doing continuous training for their amphibious forces in the in the region. So they have a whole bunch of military bases and forces stationed uh just across the Taiwanese straight and these amphibious forces have been observed this year doing continuous amphibious assault training. They're practicing over and over and over again. The United States military and intelligence community, military intelligence, yeah, uh basically says that China cannot launch a major assault on Taiwan because they don't have enough ships. They don't have enough landing craft. Now, they've been building a few landing craft, um but they also have a lot of civilian ships. And this is one of the things that's going to drive us absolutely bonkers that they um that they are that they're turning civilian ships into warships. Uh not only landing craft, they have civilian ships that are dual purpose. uh things like uh one one uh commenter out there, not commenter, wrote an article, an article writer, uh actually wrote an article about how uh cruise ships are dualuse ships because the way that the cruise ships are built, um you know, if they can't actually pull up to a dock and and all the people can walk off the dock, uh they uh they usually have these tenders uh that ferry the people to the shore. And these tenders are basically landing craft. So you have a massive ship that can hold thousands and thousands of people that's designed to hold thousands and thousands of people with kitchens, um, bathrooms, and everything like that. You can fit, uh, two times the occupancy that you normally would have guests. you can easily pack twice as many of uh troops into one of these ships uh than than they normally carry. And then you have the landing craft already embedded into the ship. Uh they can rapidly deploy these troops to the shoreline and they've been building uh cruise ships. Not only that, but uh we also have another problem that basically of all the cargo ships out there that China happens to have and they're building any one of those cargo containers on any of those cargo ships could be a missile battery. They've been building cargo container missile batteries uh for the past five or six years. uh they were testing it before that, but uh they've gone into mass production where any cargo u container that you see a 40-footer uh could be an actual missile battery uh and it could open up to anti-ship missiles or could be uh other missiles. So any kind of civilian cargo ships anywhere near US ships could actually be a secretly camouflaged missile uh destroyer essentially because all it takes is just a couple missiles from these uh missile battery on a ship to take out or to severely a destroyer or even a United States aircraft carrier. Now, aircraft carriers aren't super easy to to sink, but China has also been heavily investing in long range missiles. The DF-21 and u and the newer models of that too, they have over a thousand of these things. Each one of them capable of sinking a US carrier 5,000 kilometers away. Now, that's like, you know, 2,000 miles or something like that, right? It's a long distance. And these things are ballistic missiles that are hard for our ships to intercept. Not impossible, but when you have a swarm of a thousand coming at you, uh, we don't have enough interceptors to take out that many missiles. Now, they wouldn't fire all of them at one of our carriers, but the idea that we bring a carrier over into the region, we now have to worry about ballistic uh ship missiles and we have to worry about any container ship that has containers on it. Any of those could be missiles. And then you have the islands themselves that have been weaponized by the Chinese. This is not a situation that's looking good. China has been carefully setting up the situation, carefully crafting the situation so that it's not going to be favorable for the United States. They've been building their military around taking Taiwan. The United States has not been building its military around defending Taiwan. And quite frankly, Taiwan has not been defending been building its military around defending Taiwan either. They pretend like they are, but really at the end of the day, their main strategy is to buy American weapons so that America likes them and then the United States will come defend them. Their military has to only slow the Chinese down enough that they can uh wait for the Americans to come rescue them. But at some point, we're going to have to ask the question of how is the United States going to come rescue the Taiwanese if we can't bring our ships within 5,000 kilometers of their ballistic the Chinese ballistic missiles without uh a significant risk of them being actually destroyed uh by these ballistic missiles. China's been building submarines. It's just it goes on and on. They've been creating this uh preparation to isolate Taiwan and quite frankly they're doing a pretty good job at it. Uh they've continued to step up their operations around Taiwan and u I I hate to say this from what my when I went there last year and that was what I was doing. I was looking around is Taiwan really seriously trying to defend themselves and the answer was no. They're not. They're not. They really don't think it's that big of a threat. I mean, they kind of agree that yes, it's a it's a threat and existential threat to Taiwan, but they don't really believe that it could be done because they believe that the experts agree that it couldn't be done. But here's the thing is that when you read the actual experts, they say that it could be done. And uh there are many ways that it could be done. And it could be done very rapidly or it could be done very slowly. They could just blockade the island of Taiwan and wait for Taiwan to run out of fuel, which really wouldn't take too many weeks. Now, depending on how rapidly they they bring in um a ban on any driving whatsoever, and they hoard all the fuel that they have for their military. The problem is that uh they just don't have much fuel. They don't have much fuel reserves on the island. and the fuel reserves that they do have are in danger of being attacked by airborne uh and that type of thing. Uh China has been building up their um helicopter assault forces, their speedboat um landing amphibious assault forces. They've been building up their big ships. They've been building up their quiet small ships. They've been building up their helicopter force. They've been building up their air force. They've been building up their bombers. and they're um more and more preparing themselves to isolate Taiwan and keep the United States out of it. And Japan's probably not gonna be much help. So, what happens next? Hopefully, President Trump um at some point negotiates with China to I mean, as much as I hate to say it, uh China wants Taiwan and China is powerful enough that it can take Taiwan. Unless we can make China less powerful, uh one day they're going to come knocking at the door of Taiwan and they're going to they're going to take it. The only question is is how big of a bloody nose is the United States going to get trying to defend Taiwan? Now, we could end up maybe winning the war against China, but again, why why do we want to fight a war with China? They're all the way over there. They're not going to invade the United States. They really don't threaten vital American interests. They are threatening American ally, but at some point, you got to be realistic. Uh, world war is a very big and serious thing and China is doing the math and is hoping that the United States is doing the math too. At some point, maybe what needs to happen is that they take Taiwan and the world watches. As harsh of a truth as that is, uh, that has happened before. And when you have alternating and competing powers in the world, I know everyone wants to have their Captain America uh for truth, justice, and the American way and all this kind of stuff like that. Uh but the United States doesn't have um unlimited power. And if her allies over in Asia really aren't serious about defending themselves and projecting their own power, Japan, Korea, Australia, and others, then the United States um then the United States really can't do it. And if we can't do it, should we be trying to? Let me know what you guys think down in the comments down below. I know that's kind of harsh what I just said. Um, but I think it is the truth. And as much as we don't like to see countries bullying each other, at some point, the question is, what are you going to do about it? And are you really willing to make that kind of sacrifice for it? All right, friends. Uh, let me know what you guys think down in the comments down below. Thanks so much for watching. If you want to check out another video from this channel, there's one right up here. I'll see you over there, or I'll see you guys later. Steve Popppler of the Popppler Report out.