The goal for Republicans is simple. To get President Trump's big, beautiful bill over the finish line. The House did its part and now it's up to the Senate. But GOP members are demanding changes. I can't in good conscious give up every principle that I stand for and every principle that I was elected upon, and that's that we can't accumulate more debt. Republicans can only afford to lose three votes in the Senate. I think we'll get there. What it'll be exactly, I don't know, but I think we'll get there because I think failure is not an option. A new analysis from the Congressional Budget Office says the proposed legislation, which extends Trump's 2017 tax cuts, would add $2.4 trillion to the deficit over the next decade. The analysis also projects about 11 million people would lose health insurance coverage as a result of changes to programs like Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act tax credits. Senate Republicans meeting with Trump at the White House Wednesday discussed even deeper spending cuts up to $2 trillion while strengthening Medicaid. We are all in this together. This is a team effort and everybody is going to be rolling in the same direction to get this across the finish line. Failure is not an option. Trump's former ally and Doge director Elon Musk is one of the bill's fiercest critics. Musk urging his more than 200 million followers to call members of Congress to have them kill the bill and dubbing it the debt slavery bill. I think he's he's flat wrong. I think he's um he's way off on this and I've told him as much and and uh I've said it publicly and privately. House Speaker Mike Johnson says he had a good conversation with Musk earlier in the week and was surprised by his criticism. So far, no comment from President Trump. He's not delighted that uh Elon did a 180 on that, but um uh look, I don't know what happened in 24 hours. Everybody can draw their own conclusions about that. Some believe Musk could be motivated by his own self-interest. Among other things, the bill cuts the electric vehicle tax credit. President Trump out with a surprise of his own this week, announcing he agrees with longtime nemesis Senator Elizabeth Warren on getting rid of the debt limit. Trump writing on True Social. After all these years, I agree with Senator Elizabeth Warren on something. The debt limit should be entirely scrapped to prevent an economic catastrophe. And this bill is critical to President Trump's agenda. Any changes in the Senate would restart negotiations in the House. The deadline to get it to the president's desk is July 4th. Jenna Browder, CB.