This is your World War II emergency update. You know, if you would have told me six months ago, Nate, here's what we're going to do on June 1st, we NATO, Ukraine, United States, what we're going to do is we're going to take out onethird of Russia's strategic nuclear strike capability. And we're going to do it inside Russia, thousands of kilometers from the front line. We're going to do it on Trump's time, on Trump's dime. And with Trump's approval, immediately after Trump just issued a warning to Vladimir Putin that he was playing with fire, I would have said, "Of course you are. Of course you are." Why? Because I've long since speculated that under Trump, this situation gets out of hand. And we've now entered into wholly intractable territory with this conflict. Such a grievous incident of this scope and scale cannot be understated for what this is. This is a declaration of war against Russia by the West. Russia has no choice but to respond with a nuclear strike or a direct conventional strike against NATO. No choice or else it's over. You understand? Over. which is probably good for everybody, but Russia is not going to go down like that. Now, if you would have told me that this was happening a couple years ago, I would have been heading for the bunkers because we could have never imagined such an incident could occur without a major Russian retaliation in the form of a mushroom cloud. Never in a million years. I remember when they first attacked Engles air base, we thought that was it. We thought this had to be the massive escalation. And as it turns out, maybe one bomber was destroyed. We're talking about potentially over a dozen of Russia's nuclear capable bombers. Now, that's not particularly the strong suit of their nuclear triad. They rely on submarines and ICBMs. However, this is still one of the most audacious attacks to date. And the fact that this is all happening under Trump, the Pentagon is saying that we didn't know about it beforehand, but the Ukrainians are saying, "Oh, yeah, we told him." Right? And so, you know, that this was green lit by Trump. And the way you know is that if he doesn't come out today and say, "We are now withdrawing all support from Ukraine. We are now withdrawing all intelligence sharing with Ukraine. will no longer going to be uh flying our uh rivet joint planes deep in the Black Sea. We're no longer going to be doing reconnaissance and surveillance for the Ukrainians and we're going to pull funding and so on and so forth. If he does not say that today, then you know that this is a full-on declaration of war against the Russians and the Russians are at a extreme disadvantage. Every day I do these videos. While the Russians are making headway on the front line, which some might argue is what matters most in this uh revantist conflict. However, I would say that it gets to a point where Russia is being set up for a massive decapitation strike very similar to what we've seen with Hezbollah. You know how Hezbollah just kept they had all these missiles, thousands of missiles that they could have launched at any given time. They chose the path of deescalation and look what it got them. They are now dead. They're destroyed for the most part. Uh yes, there's still uh various uh appendages of that organization that are acting autonomously and outside of the control of the Lebanese government. But by and large, if Russia doesn't make a statement, and it has to be bigger than Arjnik, I'm guessing that we are going to see massive amounts of Arnik missiles falling on Ukraine, possibly a demonstrative nuclear strike somewhere, or we are going to see a direct attack on NATO. Or they're just going to kick up the hybrid war and they're going to do some massive cyber attack. Russia has to do something or else they are inviting the the West to continue on this game of nuclear chicken because right now if I'm the West and I just say hey they just let us get away with taking out onethird of their nuclear force and don't say oh this was the SBU acting independently and none of that because if that was true then all of Europe would withdraw its support immediately if they knew what the stakes were. So if Russia doesn't do something massive, NATO is going to view it as weakness and they're going to seize upon it and they're going to continue the dilitterious march towards attritting Russia's nuclear forces, which of course is one of the few main deterrents that it has in staving off allout aggression by NATO. This is deadly serious what has just happened. Now, I've ranted for five minutes without providing people the details of what's going on. So, that's what I'll do right now. Ukraine informed Trump of this attack before attacking about 40 Russian planes, including strategic bombers, according to Axios. Now, it's important to remember that Trump just the other day warned Putin that he was playing with fire and that he was the one who was holding back the forces that were about to do something or that had the capability to do something. Well, I guess now we know what it is. And we must presume that there's more of these sleeper cells because this was an inside job in the sense that the drones that were fired on these airfields from thousands of kilometers away actually happened. They were hidden in semi-truckss. I'll give you the details in just a moment. So this wasn't a long range drone strike per se. Nonetheless, this doesn't happen without the tacid approval of the West. Trump administration sources told CBS that the White House wasn't aware of today's large-scale drone attack. Plausible deniability They knew 30% or more of the Russians Air Force fleet, including long-range nuclear capable bombers reportedly damaged. There's all kinds of video on this. I'm not in the studio today, but I figured I'd do this breaking news update. You can go and confirm and cross reference yourself. Ukrainian intelligence officials said the agency moved dozens of small quadricopter drones to Russian territory. It then moved wooden containers into Russia which were used to hide the drones ahead of the attack. When it came to strike, the containers were placed on the trucks and the lids of the containers were opened remotely. Now, we know confirmed confirmed that seven TU95 MS bombers, two TU22 M3 bombers, and one A&12 bomber. Even if this is not uh even if we were not to look at this for its nuclear implications, these are the bombers that Russia is using on a regular to fly its sorties. This is the campaign of war that they're currently waging. Now they have to change tactics which means that they're going to have to start using their intermediate range ballistic missile technology their hypersonic uh technology which has the potential to be nuclear tipped and as such they need to essentially alert the United States before they are making these launches because if they don't the United States must interpret and Europe must interpret that these launches could potentially be aimed at M and that they could potentially be nuclear in nature. And so that puts Russia in a very difficult spot because if they're notifying the Europeans and the Americans who are going to relay that information to the Ukrainians, then every attack they try to wage with the exception of taking out and damaging critical infrastructure uh is going to they're going to lose the element of surprise. Now this operation was cenamed spiderweb targeted four primary locations Russian airfields the Blea airfield in Irus Siberia over 4,000 km from Ukraine's front line the Oenia air base in Merman 2,000 km from Ukraine's border. The name that I I'm going to try to pronounce but probably shouldn't because I'm going to screw it up. Diagalevo Diagalevo air base in Ryzan Ryazen region and the Ivano air base in Ivanovo Ianovo region. The method of attack was Ukrainian drones including first person FPV drones. Drones were smuggled into Russia for over 1.5 years for this operation. So this was very reminiscent of the pager style attack in which it took years to set up. hidden in mobile wooden cabins with retractable roofs placed on trucks for remote launching near airfields. The operation involved precise navigation and line of sight control from vehicles parked near the targets. So, there was people on the ground. The damage that was reported over 40 Russian military aircraft reportedly hit. That's the upper range estimate. The Russians, of course, are downplaying this already, which seems absurd, but at least they put it on the front page of Russia today, which is something they typically haven't done historically because they don't want to spook the population. They want to create the illusion that Russia is winning hands down. Well, as we know, anybody who's looking at this situation objectively knows that that's just not true. Even though they're making progress on the front line, that is undeniable. It's taking its toll on Russia's critical infrastructure. Video showing aircraft and secondary explosions at Bellia and Olenia air bases. It's estimated that the loss to Russia is around $2 billion. Russian sources confirm fires at some airfields, but claim no casualties and that the fires were extinguished. Even if you take out the wing of one of these planes, with the current supply chain woes that Russia is experiencing, it takes a long time to repair these types of uh planes and it requires a lot of specialized parts that are hard to come by nowadays. So, you don't really have to do a whole lot of damage to basically ground these planes for good. According to Russia, their response may be the following. Russia's defense ministry labeled the attack a terrorist attack. See, the Russians are they're just so, you know, uh, passive when it comes to calling NATO for what it is. But for the first time ever, I must say, I'm seeing a lot of Russian accounts starting to look at Putin and say, "You better do something or else." So if it were not for Putin at this point in time, understand that we would already be in Mad Max. The only person withholding the dogs of war, the real Russian dogs of war is Vladimir Putin at this point in time. So they're framing this as a terrorist attack and not a direct attack by NATO. Well, this is a clearly not just a state sponsored, but this is a NATO sponsored terrorist attack. And until they address it in that way, then Russia is going to continue to get its ass handed to it. The claimed attacks on three airfields were repelled, but acknowledged several aircraft caught on fire in Merman and Kutsk. Merman Governor Andre Chibis reported strengthened security measures. Probably should have did that beforehand, I would imagine. Some participants in the attack reportedly were detained by Russian security forces. So, I have a feeling that those guys are going to have a fun few days of water boring, water boarding and torture in order to get them to talk and try to confess as to the extent of the operation. However, a lot of these guys on the ground, these foot soldiers, they're probably kept out of the loop and only given information on a need to know basis. So they probably won't be able to speak to any sort of, you know, western connections with all of this. Uh, that's something that is directed from Ukraine. This by far is one of the most adacious Ukrainian drone attacks on Russian aviation. It comes just a day after a another major terrorist attack on a Russian train that killed 30 civilians, took out a bridge. So the Russians are pissed right now. They want revenge. So Vladimir Putin has to do something that is demonstra demonstrably distinct from what they've done previously in order to distinguish that a new that a red line has been crossed here and that it has been there's been reprisal as a result. The attacks coincided with preparations for peace talks in Istanbul on June 2nd, 2025. Ukraine claims the strikes degrade Russia's long range strike capabilities. And of course, this comes just days after Lindsey Graham and Blumenthal are getting ready to propose a 500% tariff on anybody who trades with Russia, which means China is going to be very, very pissed. So concurrent with this, we have 479 drones and missiles which descended on Ukraine recently, neutralizing 385 targets. So that's perhaps the bigger story here. But nonetheless, we have to ask ourselves at this point, how is Ukraine still standing? That really is the question. How do they still have electricity in Kiev? It makes no sense. They're holding back. Obviously, we've seen what the Arjnik can do. They keep firing these Iscander missiles which are having delletterious effects, but to what extent, you know, nobody knows. Uh clearly Ukraine is still holding on and now they have Trump's support. So, you know, I really do think that this has to be the event that Russia that forces Russia's hand to do something unconventional. I'm not sure what, but they have to do something that is going to save face. You know, typically the Russians, they don't care about public opinion. And this is, you know, a testament to their their strength in this fight in that they could have pushed the nuclear button. They could have declared the red lines overstepped on numerous occasions but haven't because their policy is not guided by temperament. Uh they're staying focused on their prime directive regardless of whatever collateral damage they incur along the way. But it reaches a point where public opinion is going to dictate the actual military strategy and policy. So, this is big, guys. And uh I'm going to try to keep you apprised of the situation. If I hear anything else, I will make another video. I'm out of the studio today. Here I am on the homestead, probably in the place that I need to be at this point in time. And mark my words, you're going to see a resurgence in interest in what's going on over there on a scale never before seen. And uh you got to be ahead of that panic curve. I know most of you already are. We've been waiting and beused by the gradual nature of the these escalations. And in addition to that, just how how normalized it's become to straddle this line of nuclear failure in the way that we are. But every day we get closer. Make no mistake, you know, there there can be 50 incidents like this and nothing can happen. But each one of these incidents that happens brings us closer, not further away from day X. So keep on preparing, my friends. Go check out the Canadian Prepper channel. We're releasing a lot of great content on there lately that is going to help you get squared away. Take care.