All right, guys. So, just a reminder, if you're looking for the deep dive analysis, the interviews, the World War III updates, that's now all over at the Prepper News channel. I'm going to post a card. I'm going to link in the description, pin comment, all of that stuff because I've realized that there's a lot of people who are still unaware that I've made this transition now to have all of that red strip content on a separate channel. So, if you want that, you got to go and subscribe. Uh, based on the numbers, those videos typically get 200 to 300,000 views, and there's only 70,000 people subscribed to that channel. So, I'm thinking that lot not a lot of people have gotten the memo despite my efforts to try to make people aware of that change. This channel is going to be strictly focused on things like this, you know, preparedness related stuff. And nothing is going to change on the channel fundamentally other than that we might not be uploading daily. It might be every second day. Uh but other than that, you know, it's going to be business as usual. Now, with respect to what I'm up to around the homestead today, oh boy, it's been a busy day. It's a war with nature when you're trying to get set up. And this is why I have to encourage people that if you're planning on going off-rid when it all hits the fan, you know, just be prepared to do a lot of work because it's the setup. It's not so much the maintenance. You know, often times it's romanticized. You only see the the salient points of the day when things are done or things are complete. you see the the timelapse construction process and a lot of people make it look easy, but like today for instance, putting down landscape fabric, trying to get a handle on the weed situation in the orchard, it was just madness. Uh so we've decided to get proactive. We got a bunch of mulch. We have a wood chipper and you know, mulch really is the way to go, I think. And so, you know, if it's not battle with the grass and the weeds, it's the bugs. We had um invasive species enter into the conversation not too long ago that we were able to bring under control with uh certain substances, not actually pesticides, but um other substances uh that I can't name for reasons I won't get into, but they're they're organic substances, but there's just taboos around it. And what else have I been up to? You know, just planting trees. We're in a drought. We're in a wildfire situation as is and massive wildfires are burning right now throughout uh northern Saskatchewan, Alberta, and Manitoba. And it's been very windy. And yesterday was among the smokiest day that I've probably seen ever. And we've had a lot of wildfires. Every year there's another major town or iconic tourist attraction that burns down. You know, there was Linton, BC, there was Fort Mack, there was Jasper, all kinds of towns throughout Saskatchewan. Now, Candle Lake is under threat, which is, you know, a big resort for a lot of people from Saskatoon. So, it's not looking good. And uh it looks as though we might get a little bit of reprieve from the weather in the next couple days and that it's not going to be that hot, but in terms of precipitation, it's going to be scattered and if anything, it's only going to ignite more fires with the lightning strikes. So, you know, um got to stay prepared and it's just another aspect of things that we now have to work and you know, it's it's hard on the eyes. Uh it's hard on the respiratory system. So it just adds another dimension of struggle. You know, you get broke machines and uh the water, you know, the well is pumping out sand and you know, there's always a problem, right, until you get entirely set up. Uh I don't want to discourage people from the lifestyle, but I'll just say that it's that setup process that you need to be prepared for a lot of challenges before you get things running. like to build this greenhouse was a massive undertaking and uh it was just a multi-layered multi-staged undertaking which once you have it built and once you've invested all the sweat equity things get simpler but there's still weeds growing in the garden beds right so I got to mulch that and so there's always you know uh there's always something else there's never you know it's not just about sunsets and um being one with nature, it there's a massive steep uh adjustment curve that you're going to have to factor in to your preparedness calculations. And I think next year will finally be the year where all we have to do is maintenance. But for this year, it's been rough. And so I would strongly uh encourage people to just prepare for that, you know, because I I think it's good to have the confidence to go into something like this. You almost have to you have to be dumb in a way. You have to be dumb in terms in the sense that you're overconfident that you're going to be able to do anything, right? Because if you don't have that and if you're too much of a pragmatist, you might be looking at the situation like, damn, that's going to be a lot of work. Uh it's going to be a lot of work, but you know, if you do it in steps, if you do it in stages, then it's achievable. But, uh, I think that, you know, having this is my second year out here now, and I won't say it's getting easier yet, but, you know, there's misconceptions about off-rid life or homestead life. It's tough. Like even just the garbage, you know, you got to do deal with your garbage. you think you just take that for granted that the garbage man comes and picks it up. You know, if there's a problem with the the geothermal heating system in the winter time, you got to deal with that at that moment or else your pipes are going to start to freeze. You know, uh if there is a issue with your well pump or if there is some sort of pest, right, that is just one thing after another. It's very enjoyable. Don't get me wrong, I'm not. But I'm just trying to make people aware of the struggles of this life. So, just be prepared for that. And, you know, I I would like to say, hey, do you have any tips and suggestions on what to do? But every situ situation is kind of unique. I think just sort of taking it in stride, making achievable goals, and trying to realize that, hey, you're not going to be able to figure it out all at once, all in the first year. but have a sense of urgency with it because I do think time is of the essence and I don't think it's a time to dally and make 10year plans per se. maybe uh a three-year plan, a fiveyear plan is probably getting straddling the line, but um yeah, so you know uh it's great when you can sit at the end of the day and for about half an hour the grass is cut, the weeds are pulled, the animals are fed, everything's watered, but that's very short-lived. Anyways, if you guys want more information about the World War III updates, go and check out the new channel, the prepping news channel. That's where you want to go. All right, but expect a lot of great content here. In fact, we got a big video coming out tomorrow that I think you will enjoy. Nobody has ever talked about this particular topic, so we're going to present it in a way that hopefully people can understand the fragility of the supply chain system. Thanks for watching my friends. You take care. Enjoy the day.