Hey everyone, welcome back to the popular report. We got a lot of news updates as well as watchman reports coming out today. Hopefully you guys are doing well. Good Sunday morning to you all. We got Iran out there bl uh bracing for an attack potentially within the next 72 hours. Uh it may have already begun. Uh we'll get you updated on that. A huge recall on beef stew is underway. Check your pantries. and a freedom flutilla plans to break through the Israeli blockade of Gaza and it's headed by a familiar face. Yeah, you wish she went away, but she's back. And uh we got Germany wanting to hit US companies with another 10% tariff and US tariffs in May are complete. We'll tell you how much they brought in this year, that and a whole bunch of other Watchman reports. Let's get into it. Welcome to the Popppler Report. I'm Steve Popppler. I'm an accountant by trade and these are your updates that you guys are sending in from all over. If you have something to share, make sure you uh use the word update somewhere in your comment that gets it to the right place. We do want to thank our sponsor Genesis Gold Group. They help people with retirement accounts to get out of stocks and bonds and into something safer, something that doesn't fluctuate quite so much, precious metals in your IRA, your 401k. If you want to find out more about that, Jonathan and his team would love to talk to you. They will be able to answer your questions. There'll be a link at the end of the video. All right. US tariffs brought in a record 23 billion in revenue this past month. Uh this is for the US government and uh this is the record amount it's ever been. It slightly exceeded last month's uh record, previous record of 17 billion. Now, let's just annualize out the 23 billion and we're looking at about $275 billion a year. That's nothing to sneeze at. That's that's a sizable amount of income. Now, considering the fact that the federal government brings over $2 billion a year in revenue. Uh we're talking about less than 10% of the um the revenue of the federal government. But every little bit helps, doesn't it? And it allows you to do some tax cuts, targeted tax cuts, and that's what we're kind of seeing there with uh with taxes on tips, uh taxes on potentially on social security. I know that's a big one for a lot of you guys. They're talking about pushing that through uh Congress. They have to set they can't put it in the big beautiful bill. they have to put it as a separate standalone bill because it has to get the 60 votes in the Senate and they don't want the big beautiful bill uh forced to to demand the 60 votes in the Senate. So, um that those tax cuts are kind of coming now. That's probably going to blow a big hole in the deficit, actually make make it worse. Uh, but I don't know at the end of the day, are we really getting out of this anyway other than defaulting on our national debt? So, if we're going to default on our national debt, might as well get as much as we can for the normal ordinary people. Lord knows that the uh the corporations and all the big wigs have gotten uh way more than their fair share of that so far. All right. high level Knesset member uh over in Israel said that an Israeli attack on Iran could take place during the shot uh holiday. Now that's uh basically today, Sunday through Tuesday and uh so this this could be happening uh as we speak. Uh aircraft could be in the air right now for all we know. Now, Iran has um closed its airspace around Thran uh for rocket firing and drone exercises or something. U it sure seems like Iran is bracing for a potential attack and that really does add credence to uh this uh potential uh time timeline. Now, apparently, President Trump has asked Israel to back down and not do this strike and not do this the strikes. So, we'll see what happens, but it looks like Israel is about done waiting. Uh because Iran just keeps inching closer and closer to nuclear weapons. They keep bu uh basically refining more and more uh weapons grade uranium with their centeres and and this this really uh moves them towards having a nuclear power plant. If they get a nuclear reactor going, they can use that to enrich uranium itself and they can actually make plutonium that way. So, this is kind of one of those things that once the cat's out of the bag, it's going to be hard to stuff that cat back in a bag. Have you ever tried stuffing a cat in a bag? You probably don't want to repeat that process if you ever tried. Um, they got claws and everything like that coming out of everything. So, Israel is definitely not wanting to wait until Iran announces that they have a nuke or does a a test detonation uh announcing to the world that they are now a nuclear power. Uh because that's happened a few times in the past. India magically came up with a nuclear weapon. Uh Pakistan came up with a nuclear weapon. South Africa came up with a nuclear weapon. Um some other places have u also figured out how to make them. uh the UK, France, and uh others. So, can Iran not figure it out? Um I think that they can, especially with all the help that they're getting from Russia. Uh, all right. We got a boatload of activists, a freedom flotillaa heading to uh break the Israeli blockade of Gaza, and it's headed up by none other than our old friend Greta Thunberg of How Dare You Fame. Yes, the environmentalist activist is now uh trying to take on the Israeli government and uh thinks that she can succeed. Yeah, she didn't take on Trump very well last time around. Now, just to put this in perspective, Israel just blocked a visit from the foreign ministers of Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Jordan, Qatar, and Turkey. They they wanted to go to the Palestinian Authority. They wanted to go visit the Palestinians and Israel's like, "No, not going to happen." And that was supposed to happen today, but I'm sure they're going to let Greta and her freedom flotillaa uh go past the Israeli Navy and land in Gaza. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure that's going to work out well for her. We'll see if she gets arrested again. Uh Germany out there is considering a 10% tax on internet companies like Google, Meta, and other leading internet companies which none of them are European. So whenever they want to just hit the United States up for money, they just go after internet companies. Sort of like if the United States just went after foreign auto manufacturers. It just be going after Europe and South Korea and Japan basically. Uh Germany just keeps thinking that they can just milk the United States for all this money. And let's let's let's not kid ourselves. A 10% tax on American companies, basically targeting American companies, is essentially a a tariff. and we should we should just turn around and slap a 10% tariff on their cars. Uh that's not really necessarily equal in in in force, but uh it certainly is equal in principle. So, we should just slap all the German goods with a 10% an additional 10% tariff and um and and tell them, hey, you need to you need to back off that or uh or we're going to keep going for it. Now, I I hate the idea that I'm I'm I'm protecting Google and Facebook, but at the same time, they are uh they are American companies and they're making money for Americans and that money circulates back in the US. So, uh we're we're looking at our trade deficit and the trade deficit is very lopsided right now. Uh, Ultra Magga Patriot says there's been a massive recall on Hormel Dinty Moore beef stew. These are the 20 ounce cans. They were contaminated with foreign material. Uh, over 250,000 pounds uh or PDS. Um, I'm not sure exactly what they mean by that. Uh, this includes uh all across the United States. Please return to the stores to get your money back. These are for cans that have the best buy date is 2028. So, if you've bought some Vintymore beef stew and put it back in your pantry recently, um you might want to check to make sure it's not part of this recall. Uh double check to make sure that your uh beef stews are not recalled right now with the foreign contaminants in there, please. Uh Lonear says, "I'm done with Walmart. I've had uh three delivery orders this month missing items and then an order three days ago that had two rolls of honeysuckle ground turkey with not even a day before use date. So, you know, the use date used before date was the day that they that it arrived. Been okay if I could actually freeze the item, but living in a motel with a just a mini fridge, uh their new refund policy is outrageous. Uh, it now has to go to another department. CS reps can't do anything now. Um, used to be an EBT credit went back within minutes. Now I've had to wait a week and I'm still waiting on a refund from the turkey. Uh, I'm contacting my bank to get my plus member membership refunded. Thinking about contacting the state of Texas over uh their policy on that. Um yeah, it's um it's hard. Uh you just these orders, whether you're doing a pickup or whether delivery, it's you never know what you're going to get, right? And you usually know that you're going to get worse quality than if you go to the store and pick it out yourself. Not to mention, they have a tendency not to be able to find things like they're like, "Oh, we're out of that." And you go to the store and it's right there. It's like, "Why couldn't you find it? It was right there. Uh, Highlander says, "Frankfurt, Kentucky, Walmart. I went to uh see if I could uh stock up on canned meats. Uh, but what I found is that there are very few options in the canned meats. What takes up a majority of the canned meat section is fronted cans of chili. The majority of the canned meats are various brands of sloppy joe's chilies. Um, where a little bit of meat with a lot of other stuff mixed in." Uh Jeff says, "We bought approximately 20 pounds of frozen chicken breast uh from Walmart and we were cooking it yesterday just using pressure cookers for a youth retreat this uh this weekend. We were both shocked that you could uh you know that you add a little bit of water, right? Uh that you need for the pressure cooking. Uh but the water at the end of the 25minut pressure cook cycle had filled the sixQ container almost to the top. uh which makes me strongly suggest uh suspect that they uh were injecting the water with a lot uh the chicken with a lot of liquid. I don't think the thin layer of ice in the uh freezing process would have created that much chicken broth. This was her 8 lbs of chicken in the pressure cooker. A lot of water in uh in the meats these days. Uh Greg says, "My 10-year-old was diagnosed with chronic bronco spasm." Uh she's been put on a nebulizer nebulizer inhale uh inhaled steroid called uh buddhisenol buddinide sorry. I went to treat her uh before school in the morning. First vial of the five had particles inside of it. I checked a second vial from the same pack. That one was clear after her treatment. I checked the other three out of the original five. A second one also had particles in it. The expiration date was 226. The lot number is 19480. I'm taking it back later this morning. Hopefully get another box and report the issue. I'm giving the uh info to the public in case CVS Pharmacy doesn't report it. Had she inhaled a vial with the contaminants in it, who knows what might have happened. So, uh if you use inhalers out there, uh hopefully that is useful information to you uh to be watching out for that. Uh Lola says, "Uh, I just bought a brisket at uh Brookshshire Brothers in many, Louisiana. It had u freezer burn on the edges. Cut maybe half uh sorry, cut maybe a pound of brown meat off the slab. So, the meat is basically old. My uh freezer usually starts freezer burning meat about 9 months in. Heads up for those buying meat. you know, check the quality of your meat and also uh hold hold the retailers accountable for what they're selling, right? Um if you if you find a good place to buy meat, keep buying it from them. And if you find uh that your uh grocery store or store is not treating you right, uh walk somewhere else, right? Sandre says, um, also rinse your rice two or three times before cooking to remove any lead contamination or other chemicals. And beans, rinse well in cool water before cooking. Dry beans and rice, uh, store in glass containers. Frozen vegetables have ice in the package that makes them weigh a lot more per pound. Redhead says, uh, in March I had a colonoscopy through Medicare. After I received the EOB, it showed where the doctor doublecharged on two claims and overcharged on four more claims. How long and how many other doctors are ripping off Medicare? Uh, a lot of them. A lot of them from what I'm hearing from you guys and what the industry insiders seem to be saying. Uh, Lady Fren says, "Uh, Pensacola, Florida. I had a great conversation with the dairy guy at Publix, which started uh with uh A2 milk, which is a very good brand of milk. Dairy Guy said it's called A2 after the grade of cow, which is European. So, they uh use less additives than the US. Uh when we gravitated to butter, he explained that the fat content of 12 is far superior to 10 or even 11. And that 12 fat content is again the European cows. He thought the best butter was Land of Lakes Black uh plus yellow box, which retails about $8 a pound. Uh that that was the best. Listen to Steve when he says, "Pass these conversations on to all the watchmen." Yeah, we need we need the best information that we can out there to make good decisions to keep our families safe from the chemicals and all the other additives and the games that these companies are playing with us these days. We need all the help we can get. Uh the the deck is stacked against us, isn't it? Uh Diana says, "Uh bugs and rice, bay leaves." Yeah, definitely use bay leaves. Uh in container will deter the bugs. Many people recommend uh freezing your dry goods. However, freezing these items introduces moisture. Now, that assumes that the bag isn't sealed. If the bag is sealed then uh the moisture in there is the moisture that's in there. But uh uh this is a chance there is a chance of mold growth from freezing. Uh if the product is not dry properly by repackaging the items in myar or glass jars and adding a few bay leaves you have less of a chance of mold and no bugs uh will not change the flavor of the dry goods. Yeah. So this the gold standard is still put oxygen absorber and moisture absorbers into the myar, seal the myar, then freeze it. That way you're not drawing in extra moisture u and the moisture that does get drawn up in the freezing process and then melts uh will be hopefully uh absorbed by the uh moisture absorber in there. SDB says, "Uh, I should have listened to you, Steve. I hear that. I hear that frequently. Um I need to listen to me more honestly. Uh if you need something, buy it now because you don't know what the price will be next time. Dollar General, uh in Mishawaka, Indiana. Uh needed a roster pan and I was getting tired of buying the foil pans. Found one at Dollar General. Uh but I left it sitting there because it was $14.99. I thought it might go on sale. So, I went back to Dollar General today and that same pan now cost me $18.99. Ouch. I bought it because I needed it for a dinner making for Father's Day. I didn't know that that pan would go up more. You never know what's going to go up more, but uh we got a lot of these metal tariffs taking place, China tariffs. It's best to be grabbing things uh right now that you can because it just seems like prices are all basically going up. If you're hoping for prices to go back down, unless there's a sale, that's probably not what you're going to experience. You're probably going to get another kick in the pants uh or kick in the teeth as the price goes up yet again. So, if you don't like the price right now, just try to remember you won't like the price tomorrow or next week, even less. All right, friends. Thanks so much for joining with us. If you want to get some more information from Genesis Gold about what you can do with your retirement account, there's a link right there on the screen. just tap on it and fill out your information and they'll get in contact with you and answer your questions. There's no obligation to move forward or anything like that. Uh but uh they do have educational resources and they can answer all your questions on prices and and fees and everything like that. They do wave your setup fees uh if you do come from this channel. So uh if you mention this channel or uh if you use that link, they do wave your setup fees. So that's a big bonus for coming from here. If you want to check out another video from his channel, there's one right up there. I'll see you over there or I'll see you guys later.