Well, the Trump administration cancelled a contract for Madna to build out a bird flu vaccine. This is something the Biden administration had awarded. They took $590 million of your tax dollars and told Madna, "You go out there and build us a bird flu me vaccine." Are you ready to break free from outdated buy and hold crypto strategies and unlock the true potential of cryptocurrency? Well, welcome to the cryptocurrency revolution with Block Trust IRA. They have AIdriven technology that predicts the markets with computer-driven accuracy. So whether you have a retirement account like a 401k or an IRA or just cash savings sitting in a bank making you little to no interest, well, Block Trust's IRA clients are able to maximize their earning potential and outperform the market. They are the only crypto management firm in the market using cuttingedge technology to improve returns and significantly reduce risk. They have more than 80,000 new millionaires created in just the last year and you could be next. Block Trust IRA makes financial freedom available to everyone by accepting both IRA and cash investments around the world. Unlike a meme coin or a scam that press on hardworking Americans, Block Trust IRA has the best-in-class militaryra technology. And their clients are 100% insured for up to $200 million. You will not get that from the FDIC. So right now you can visit redactednewscrypto.com to get started. Blockrust I'm sorry blockrust IRA offers industry low fees, militarygrade security and the power of AI technology all tailored for everyday Americans. So go again to redactednewscrypto.com. You could receive up to $2,500 in bonus crypto. Or you can call that 877-649-6732. And again that's redacted crypto.com. Now, should we panic then that we might be unprepared for bird flu? You decide if you're going to panic or not. I'm going to give you some facts for you to decide on that. Number one, bird flu is currently not transmissible from human to human. The fact that they think that it may start to become so would tell us that that is a result of manipulation of the virus which is known as gain of function which the Trump administration shut down a few weeks ago with this executive order. Now last year we spoke to Dr. Kelly Kelly Victory. She is one of the uh few do doctors who spoke out during the co pandemic with what turned out to be true about uh therapeutics and about the vaccine. She said that the development of a bird flu vaccine told us a few interesting things. Number one, we already know how to treat bird flu with therapeutics like hydroxychloricquin and chloricquin. Number two, she said that making a bird flu vaccine is dangerous and possibly not worth the risk. Here's how she put it. They always use the excuse that it's to make us more prepared, to make us, you know, ready um with an antidote or a vaccine. The reality is this is very dangerous research because not only can something get out of a lab by nefarious intent, meaning purposeful spreading of it, but simply by abject incompetence or, you know, people makes mistakes. And lab errors happen. They happen far more often than people want to believe. There are over a hundred serious lab errors, lab leaks, uh, reported every single year. So, the idea that someone is weaponizing or manipulating a virus in the laboratory to make it stronger, more transmissible, more uh capable of causing serious disease, more resistant to treatment is frankly unconscionable in my mind. All right. Right. Well, last month, April of 2025, 60 Minutes did this terrifying report about how bird flu is poised to be the next pandemic. We can't show 60 Minutes pieces because they always copyright strike our videos. Uh, but here is the transcript. This viologist said that it's not just the number of human cases that's alarming, but that the virus is jumping to more mammals. Every new spillover, she says, gives the virus a chance to evolve from person to person. That it would just magically do that on its own. Not by gain of function, but just it would, even though we know right now it doesn't. Okay. She says she can't sleep at night and we need to be actively testing for bird flu all the time before it explodes into a pandemic before our very eyes. Bill Wheder said that this would make CO look like a walk in the park. Well, HHS is apparently not as concerned as 60 Minutes is because they may surmise that without gain of function research, we wouldn't need a vaccine to vaccinate against the virus that was manipulated in the lab. It is like shampoo and conditioner. Do you know what I mean by that? Like conditioner solves the problem that shampoo creates. It dries your hair out and then you I've learned this because I'm I'm married to a woman, right? Exactly like that. So maybe if we just don't do the shampoo, you know, we won't need the conditioner. Maybe that's why men Yeah, we throw it all together as body wash, shampoo, and conditioner all in one thing. This analogy is off the rails. That's not Okay, let's get back to bird. I just brought that up cuz my 13-year-old daughter, she's like, "Men are crazy. Men will Men will just get one thing of body wash, toothpaste, toothpaste, shampoo, and conditioner powder in one in one bottle." She's like, "Men are crazy." Okay. Again, if we are not doing gain of function, then maybe we don't need a vaccine for the hypothetically manipulated virus. Unless, you knew there was going to be an unless or a but a private company funds funds the vaccine because Trump's executive order only applies to government funded research. A private company could decide to still go ahead and make a bird flu vaccine on a gamble like a company maybe owned by somebody with a name that rhymes with schmillmates. You get what I'm going with here? Yeah. So, are we glad that our taxpayer dollars will not fund a bird flu vaccine? I am. You decide how you feel. Do we feel comfortable that nobody else will be mcking about with a bird flu? I don't. Uh, but that's again I'm just giving you some facts.