Today is Friday, June 6th, 2025. This is Quick Start from CBN News. I'm Dan Andros. A big religious liberty win at the Supreme Court. We'll have that top story and more on today's podcast where we bring you news from a Christian perspective. Don't forget to subscribe and leave a rating. You can email us as well, quickstart podcast@cbn.org. We'd love to hear from you as we're getting through the news of the day together each and every weekday bright and early at 6:00 a.m. We're so glad you are here with us. And joining me today, CBN's Billy Hallowell. Billy on the Focus story, Tim Allen. I mean, he's speaking out about the Bible again. Yeah, he's been he's been saying a lot of things about the Bible. All very positive things. We'll get into his reading of the book of Romans today. All right. Looking forward to the details there coming up in just a moment. And then later on the main thing, Trey spoke with pastors David and Brandon Lindell about their new book, Lionhearted. This is taking a look at a man's guide to living focused, fulfilled, and fearless, and why following your heart is terrible advice. Looking forward to that conversation coming up on the main thing. And don't forget to subscribe to all of our CBN News podcast, Billy's Newsmakers podcast, Trey's newly launched podcast, Faith in Culture, and of course, Abigail Robertson's Heaven Meets Earth. All right, we are going to head now to the news in 90 seconds. And a big win for religious liberty at the Supreme Court in a unanimous decision. The justices ruled Wisconsin cannot punish Catholic Charities for living out its faith. The state had forced the Dascese of Superior's charity arm to pay unemployment taxes even though other religious nonprofits were exempt. Why? Because the ministry served everyone, not just Catholics. A move the state bizarrely claimed made them not religious enough. But the court shut that down, saying that the government can't dictate what qualifies as religious practice. The charity, which serves the elderly and disabled across 16 Wisconsin counties, says it's motivated by Christ's call to love others. And now it can continue that mission without penalty. And one of the largest pro-Israel events of the year has been indefinitely postponed after rising terror threats made it impossible to secure a venue. The Israel summit expected to host over 1,000 attendees was originally scheduled this week and featured IDF veterans, media figures, and survivors of the October 7th Hamas attack. organizers had already relocated once from Dallas due to escalating threats and skyrocketing security costs which topped hundreds of thousands of dollars with no safe venue left. The summit was cancelled. A stark sign of growing hostility towards public support for Israel right here in the United States. Those are just some of today's top headlines. You can check out more stories over at cbnnews.com. And Billy looking at the Supreme Court here, this win. This is another time where religious liberty is tested in the courts and comes out victorious. Yeah. Well, don't tell California. Um, yeah, I know. It's It's interesting that this continues to happen and I think this is one of the reasons why the last couple of presidential election cycles going back actually three now. Um, it was such a big deal, right? Because however that makeup of the Supreme Court was going to shake out, they knew there were big cases coming on the religious liberty front. And so thankfully um regardless of what your political stripes are, these cases protect everybody's religious liberty, right? Not just one group, right? Yeah. And listen, we should be thanking God for the constitution that we have because you can see the efforts, the lengths that critics and unbelievers and secular societies are going to to try to shut down Christians and ministries from doing what they're feeling they're called to do from God. and they're just going to keep trying. But so far the Constitution and the courts have held the line. Yeah. And you know that that's unfortunately the way our system works. It's going to be the courts that sometimes are going to be where you have that sort of positive trajectory. So yeah, and there are more cases coming by the way, more cases that are on the line on religious liberty. So we'll have to continue covering that to see where those go. Yeah. Stay tuned to cbnnews.com and faithwire.com for all the latest updates on those cases and more. All right, we are going to head to the focus story now. And as we alluded to at the top of the podcast, Billy Tim Allen just made another Bible announcement. We've covered a few of these because he's been kind of one of these unlikely people that you wouldn't think would be the guy coming out of Hollywood really talking about the Bible, but here we are. And this is not the first time, but what's the story here with this announcement? Yeah. So he is reading right now through the book of Romans which is very very interesting. Um you know he he said he's been amazed by the Apostle Paul's letter and if you'll remember the last time we talked about this he was reading through the Old Testament and so he wrote on X which is funny that he usually announces these Bible things on social media so of course they're going to go viral. Um he said I finished the Old Testament and it is such a gift when I get out of the way and the words and meaning flow. This week I am now in the book of the Gospel of Paul, a Roman Jew familiar with Plato, Stoicism, and other Greek schools of thought. I am amazed in seven pages. So he's seven pages in. And he he followed that up by explaining what he meant by that. Yeah. He was reading Romans. Yeah. Yeah. And how did uh reading the Old Testament, what did he say in regards to how that changed him? Yeah. He he said that reading the Old Testament, he called it a treasure. And um at the time he said it was an overwhelming experience. If you go back to you know months ago when he first talked about this um he said after nearly a year I finished the entire Old Testament and the experience of rereading dedicated focus and no drifting has made this a humbling overwhelming experience. What a treasure. Pretty amazing. You don't again you don't he's an A-lister so you're not hearing a lot of A-listers talk about how much of a treasure it was to read the Bible. Right. Yeah. Usually it's quite the opposite. But what is his general view? What do we know about sort of where he is in his faith and how he sees God? It's interesting. It goes back like anyone else. This is a human being. People know him as a celebrity, but when his father was struck by a a truck fatally, I guess he was only 11 years old when a drunk driver um hit his father and killed him. He said back in 2011, he was on 2020 and he told Elizabeth Vargas, who was hosting at the time, that he struggled with his faith and began to question God's existence after that event happened. um but that his faith was eventually reborn and he told Vargas he now sees God as the builder and he said I always do ask the builder what do you want me to do he said at the time and I do ask it but you've got to be prepared for the answer yeah that's very interesting and man that is one of the biggest things that trips people up in their faith especially early are when bad things happen essentially it's it's one version or another of the problem of evil why do these bad things and these horrible things happen if there is a good God. How can these two things coexist at the same time? And it's an understandable position, but when you investigate it and you pray about it and you look at scripture, the answer starts to become more clear. It does. And this goes back to trust. You know, I've spent a lot of time over the last few months thinking about this and like, do I really trust God? If I died to myself, do am I really saying that no matter what God does, I'm going to be okay with it because I trust him? Or am I saying I want my will to and that's where most of us are. We want our will to be done, not God's will. And that is really, really tough. And when something traumatic or horrible happens, we're sort of dragged. We drag ourselves into this despair and questioning God instead of finding comfort in that trust. And so, that's something I'm trying to do in my in my own life is find comfort in that trust. Yeah, absolutely. Any final thoughts on this one before we go? We got to be praying for Tim Allen, right? And and all of these celebrities, you know, you don't want to just latch on to a celebrity because they've embraced the gospel or talked about God because that we call that the Kanye effect. that ended up. But that doesn't mean, you know, like maybe we should have been praying more for Kanye. And I think even now we should be all of these people, they need they need prayer in Hollywood. Yeah, absolutely. All right. Well, good story there. Appreciate you bringing it to the podcast today. And we're going to go to the main thing now. And as I mentioned at the top, Trey caught up with pastors David and Brandon Lindell about their new book that really looks uh at manhood and what it means to be a godly man and asked them why following your heart is such terrible advice. The full conversation you can catch on this weekend's faith in culture episode. That conversation is today's main thing. [Music] Why is following your heart such a terrible advice? Well, it seems like you hear that tag everywhere. Like people are constantly talking about it. It's like this continual cultural refrain that you can't seem to escape. And yet we know from Jesus own words, Matthew chapter 15, that it's out of the heart that comes murder and idolatry and adultery and slander and all sorts of terrible things. And so the fact of the matter is if people are following their heart unchecked, well, that's going to lead them to a bunch of places that I would say none of us want to go. And yet the fact of the matter is that God is able to redeem the heart. And yet even in his redemption of the heart, the fact is the heart has to be cultivated, steered, led. And so if somebody is following their heart, the heart wasn't meant to be followed. It wasn't made to be followed. The heart is kind of command central of the life, but it needs a commander. And that commander has to be the Holy Spirit if somebody's going to go to a desirable destination. And particularly, we we wrote to men because men are are very prone to let other things lead them. instead of taking the leadership role, active role in their own life and in the sphere of influence God has given them to get to a destination that God has called and created them to go. And so for us, it was just calling out this issue in culture that is so prevalent, sort of this tagline that gets planted everywhere and bucking up against it and saying, "Well, that's not what the Bible says, certainly not what Jesus would say." And so what are we going to do instead of doing what the culture tends to push on us all the time? Yeah, for sure. And you know, Brandon, one of the reasons I wanted to to lead with that question is because both of you, your brothers, and you have co-authored a new book called Lionhearted: A Man's Guide to Living Focused, Fulfilled, and Fearless. And was there a moment in in your life, Brandon, when you realized, you know what, I'm not channeling this quote unquote lionhearted zeal in a healthy and God-honoring way? And if you had that kind of moment in your life, what sparked a change of in behavior? Well, I think it's a great question and I think for both of us, I mean, and probably every guy who's listening to this, watching this, uh, you've walked through a season where you would say, man, I'm not necessarily channeling what Lionhearted looks like. I think for me it would be uh probably 2019 and a lot of the um content and experiences that are referenced in the book um for me personally come out of that season. Uh it was a time where you know you're just kind of rolling through life and you're like you're like think doing something is the same as doing it well. Being married is the same as being married well. working is the same as working well, you know, and you're just I think, you know, a lot of guys as they go through their their 20s and 30s, they're so busy. They got, you know, little kids or they're working and they got all the things going on in life life and then sometimes that point, you know, you kind of wash up on the shore of life and you're like, am I is this going well? You know, like and I I think for me at that time, I I didn't I kind of recognized that there were some habits in my life that weren't great. Um, I definitely was walking through a depression. Um, I was, uh, maritally not in the strongest place. Um, just a lot of just different things that kind of came to the forefront all at one time. And when that happens, you have a decision to make like, am I going to work on this and I'm and I'm am I going to be strong through it? Am I going to figure out what the Lord's speaking to me? I'm going to find out where I need to go from here, or am I going to shrink back and like kind of just hide? Uh, and I think for a lot of guys, that's where they really come to grips with what's going what's going on on the inside of their heart. Uh, that's why the book is about the heart. It's so critical. Uh especially, you know, everything's great when life's going great, but when life's not going great, right, that's when you really find out what is happening in the core of you and you're like looking over the edge, as it were, and kind of being like, man, that that wouldn't be good to go down there. And uh how do I how do I build off of this? And how do I have a strong marriage? And how do I how do I be a strong person in the face of adversity? And if you get what's happening on the inside right, that makes all the difference. And you'll find out in those moments, and God will help you. You'll find out in those moments, here's something that like, man, I'm not I I always lived like I was great at this, but I'm not great at this. And so, I'm going to work on that. Or, hey, I'm going to get counseling or hey, I'm going to learn to communicate and to listen more. And all those things have to happen. They have to start on the inside. And so, if a guy doesn't have a relationship with Jesus, they're not going to do well. Uh so they have to start there. If they have a relationship with Jesus, then they have to let the Holy Spirit do surgery on them and say, "You know what? Here's things in your life that if you're going to live lionhearted, you're going to be a strong man. You're going to you're going to go the long haul and you're going to look back on your life and say, I landed at a good point because I made some internal decisions and I allowed God to work in my life." That's going to happen to you. Then that's going to have to start with you saying, "God, you need to do surgery on the things in my life that don't look like you." Uh, and it's powerful when any man does that. And every man can do that. All right, Trey. Appreciate that conversation there. Again, you can watch the full conversation on the CBN News YouTube channel. All right, that's going to leave us with time on the podcast today. For one last thing, we got Galatians 5:1. It is for freedom that Christ has set us free. Stand firm then and do not let yourselves be burdened again by the yoke of slavery. Powerful message about not getting dragged back into the sins that will weigh us down. Yeah. And just focusing on Christ and his once and for all sacrifice that has set us free from our sin and really just praying on that, focusing on that, keeping our eyes fixed on the cross. A great reminder as we head into the weekend here on this Friday edition of the Quick Start episode. As always, make sure you're getting on over to cbnnews.com and faithwire.com for more news from a Christian perspective. Lord willing and that creek don't rise up on us. We'll be back here on Monday with more. God bless. Have a great weekend. [Music]