I want you to um listen to the testimony of a surgeon from California who uh donated volunteered his time in Gaza back here in New York testifying uh before the security council. We're going to invite him uh onto the program. I was so deeply moved when I saw this clip that Chris found, which we'll show to you now. Chris number 17. My name is Dr. Fose Sidwa. I am an American trauma and critical care surgeon based in Stockton, California. I come before you today to speak about the Gaza Strip, where I have volunteered twice since October 7th. The Constitution of the World Health Organization states that the health of all peoples is fundamental to the attainment of peace and security and is dependent on the fullest cooperation of individuals and states. I've taken this to heart and it is the reason I volunteer in conflict zones from Haiti to Ukraine to Gaza. I did not see or treat a single combatant during my 5 weeks in Gaza. My patients were six-year-olds with shrapnels in their heart and bullets in their brains and pregnant women whose pelvises had been obliterated and their fetuses cut in two while still in the womb. The medical system has not failed. It has been systematically dismantled through a sustained military campaign that has willfully violated international humanitarian law. Civilians are now dying not just from the constant air strikes, but from acute malnutrition, sepsis, exposure, and despair. This is a man-made catastrophe. It is entirely preventable. Participating in it or not, allowing it to happen is a choice. This is a deliberate denial of conditions necessary for life. food, shelter, water, and medicine. Preventing genocide means refusing to normalize these atrocities. It means refusing to dehumanize the Palestinians, to refuse to see them as calories counted or numbers of trucks moved. We see now that this way of thinking has brought about a human dignity crisis with an entire people on the edge of survival. The only thing I would add is and was paid for by the American taxpayer. It was supported by the United States starting with the Biden administration and now the Trump administration. Uh we are complicit in a genocide. Uh and what that doctor said is merely the tip of the iceberg. Uh as anybody who's been following this conflict knows, this is just absolutely horrific. It's just hard to believe. It's hard to believe that we haven't stopped it. It's even harder to believe that we're involved in executing it. Again, the Israelis could not execute it without us supporting